 Classic Joker. 




 It's tough finding six women. 




 Forza Horizon 2. It's a lot longer than I thought it was. I've played for hours and hours, and I'm only at 27%. 




 haha I actually thought of you literally masturbating over her before I read the punchline... 




 This is /r/jokes 




 I don't understand why short women are insecure about their height. I prefer short women. 




 yep 




 I used to only listen to particular songs by an artist that I heard before, but now if I hear I song I like by an artist, I listen to their albums in full to fully appreciate the artist. 




 I have not seen every movie ever created, so I can't really say, but I think the Joker's introduction in The Dark Knight is masterful.  




 She is only 5 feet tall. Shouldn't she be called Ariana Petite?  




 Educational video games? Never heard of those. 




 [rolls eyes] 




 Is this a good Pug Film? Is it a respectable addition to the Cinematic Universe of Pugs (CUP)? 




 pretty much the movies I really like 




 haha I guess I have to wait until it gets legalized in Ohio 




 I 3 pugs!!!!! 




 Death Proof  




 yep. I am in complete agreement. upvote for you 




 The Place Beyond the Pines, Blue Valentine, Pulp Fiction, Alien, Aliens, Miyazaki movies, Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Drive, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Pan's Labyrinth, The Terminator, Terminator 2, Mud, Se7en, Zodiac, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, American Psycho, Requiem for a Dream
 




 Do they have to be super recent? You should watch Miyazaki's films if you haven't already. They aren't necessarily made specifically for kids because adults can enjoy them just as much. 




 The Place Beyond the Pines, Blue Valentine, Pulp Fiction, Alien, Aliens, Miyazaki movies, Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Drive, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Pan's Labyrinth, The Terminator, Terminator 2, Mud, Se7en, Zodiac, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, American Psycho, Requiem for a Dream 




 hahaha 




 theFLICKpick 




 I don't condone animal cruelty, but personally I just judge a movie by the quality of the film itself. I won't avoid a good film just because I don't think the creators were behaving morally when creating the film. 




 Ok, cool. I actually rented it yesterday, so I guess I'll watch it now. 




 ok fair enough 




 ok cool. does the pug get a lot of screen time? if it does, I'm definitely buying it on blu-ray 




 what if they knew nothing about that? 




 you mean Drive? 




 I guess I agree with you to some extent. He doesn't play the exact same kind of character in every film, but they do feel similar in nature. 




 wat 




 I'm just going to quote what I said in a previous comment:

 I was going to say Jake, but then I remembered Ryan's performances in The Place Beyond the Pines and Blue Valentine, and now I can't make up my mind.

 




 lmfao @ second paragragh 




 Do you think I would like it? I'm an adult male who is a huge lover of pugs. 




 But can an adult still enjoy it? As I said, I'm a huge lover of pugs, so a movie with the protagonist as a pug really grabs my attention.  




 Haven't seen Prisoners. Do you just like Jake's performance, or is it all in all a good film? 




 Is the only film Gosling starred in that you saw Only God Forgives? 




 Wat 




 I really, really love pugs, but I don't think I want to watch a movie made specifically for kids and not adults. 




 Jesus Christ, please don't tell me this is going to turn into a Nic Cage circlejerk thread where everyone comments "Nicolas Cage." 




 Yes, that's why I think he's such a good actor. I was going to say Jake, but then I remembered Ryan's performances in The Place Beyond the Pines and Blue Valentine, and now I can't make up my mind. 




 I thought it was a very well done film and definitely creepy, but I wouldn't exactly say is was "horrifying." 




 I'm being serious. 




 I honestly can't decide which is better. 




 when he still had hair 




 Well you have to love something to hate something. 




 Christian Bale as Steve Jobs with Fincher directing? That would have been awesome 




 oh, thanks for sharing that. I didn't catch that 




 Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Zodiac, End of Watch, Prisoners, Enemy 




 Yeah. I mean, I personally think Mr. G is a great actor, but I understand that not everyone is a fan of his work. Idk why you would get downvoted just for expressing the fact that you are not interested in his acting. 




 Yeah, I have the same question you have with #2. I'm pretty sure the implication is that she got gangbanged, but there's no way of knowing for sure. 




 You know that I'm joking, right? Sorry, I can't tell if you think I'm serious or if you're playing along with my joke. 




 Isn't Saw just sadist porn? 




 Blasphemy! How dare you express indifference towards Jakey G! 




 ok cool 




 are you male or a really tall female? 




 The Dark Knight Rises. I was so hyped for this film after watching The Dark Knight that I cried for like an hour straight after watching the midnight showing of TDKR because it was nothing like I thought it would be. 




 Is the movie as intense as the trailer makes it out to be? How emotionally gripping is it? Judging from the trailer, it looks like Jake Gyllenhaal is giving a great performance as always. How does this performance compare to his other performances in film?
 




 Is the movie as intense as the trailer makes it out to be? How emotionally gripping is it? Judging from the trailer, it looks like Jake Gyllenhaal is giving a great performance as always. How does this performance compare to his other performances in film?  




 This is my favorite movie, and it would mean a lot to me if someone made this theme.  









 No, it's called being pedantic. 




 Umm... like *every* movie? Pretty much every movie has a male and female character that are not romantically involved. For example, in The Place Beyond the Pines, Romina is not romantically involved with Jason. Why? They are mother and son. In Birdman, Michael Keaton's character is not romantically involved with Emma Stone's character. Why? They are father and daughter. In Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Caesar is not romantically involved with any human female character. Why? That's bestiality. In The Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne is not involved with a random female extra. Why? They never even met. 




 damn right #feminism #insectsarepeopletoo #checkyourprivilege  




 yeah, Alex should definitely do more comedy skits like this 














 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i2QZM_WLss

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEGke8kzeZM 




 Huh. I thought that was the best part. Haven't you seen the Trix cereal ads where the kids go, "Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids!"? That's what he was referring to. 




 How did you train him to do that? 




 She's eating more than you think. 




 That's damn good. I went from like 220 lbs. to 106 lbs. in around 6 months as a 5'11" male. 




 would [this picture](http://www.picschamp.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Natalie-Portman-pic.jpg) be compatible? 




 Well, I mean if you're fat technically you are not starving yourself even if you eat nothing because you are being fed by your fat reserves. 




 I don't know how to get it... 




 Wait, can I set any picture from the Internet that I put on a flash drive as the background for my Xbox? If so, I might put a picture of Natalie Portman on there. 




 I wasn't copycatting. I noticed his post and decided to post the outcome of a race that was even closer. I imagine I would have posted it even if I did not see that post. Also, I honestly do not care about karma. If I have an opinion that I know will get downvoted to the extreme, I still post the comment. The expectation of karma does not impact what I post. 




 Well to be honest I don't really have any energy to work out right now.  




 What? Some other guy posted the same kind of post and it never got removed, and this race is even closer. 




 I also find this relatively unbelievable

What would be my motivation to lie? I am an anonymous user on reddit. And I don't think this is exactly an achievement.  




 Well, for me personally, no. I can play it all day. 




 Yeah I like weightlifting, but I just do it because I enjoy it, not to get bigger or stronger. Yes, by fasting I mean not eating at all. 




 Sometimes I fast for up to weeks at a time. Not willfully (I'm pretty underweight, so there is no logical reason for me to fast.), but because I simply do not feel like eating. Just the thought of eating nauseates me during this time. Once I feel like eating again, I do a huge binge, sometimes lasting multiple days. Then I start fasting again (again, not willfully, but because I just don't want to eat). 




 Could you please tell us what you've already played so that we know what games we should recommend? The obvious answer is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as it is over 200 hours long (as a user has stated before me). Arkham Knight isn't nearly as long, but still a respectable length. Halo: MCC is 4 games in one (5 if you buy [or receive for free if you played MCC around the month span after its release] ODST) with an addictive multiplayer. If you like racing games, Forza Horizon 2 is huge: I've played for God knows how many hours, and am only at 27% game completion. 



















 Alien, Aliens 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Dark Knight Rises 




 Yes, that is exactly what I am trying to say. TDK is similar in tone to Batman Begins. 

Is that a serious question? All the brooding darkness that made Batman Begins and The Dark Knight so special is completely gone in The Dark Knight Rises. 




 Also, do you think Maggie Gyllenhaal would make a good Harley Quinn?
 




 Why do you think that TDK and Begins have a more consistent tone than TDK and Rises?

What? No, I said that The Dark Knight Rises is a huge departure in tone from both Batman Begins and The Dark Knight.
 




 I feel that Christopher Nolan didn't really have his heart in the project. It felt more like he was trying to fulfill a contract and get it over with rather than make a film he was passionate about. I theorize that Heath's death depressed him and put him off track. The Dark Knight Rises is a huge departure in tone from Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. 




  were the best for me

 




 No, he means Mark Wahlberg.  




  When I first saw it, I was overwhelmed with hype, so it was hard for me to really judge the film.

 




 The Dark Knight Rises. When I first saw it, I was overwhelmed with hype, so it was hard for me to really judge the film. 




 What about Alien? 




 The 1979 (btw that's a great Smashing Pumpkins song, sorry Billy Corgan made me do that plug) theatrical version or the 2003 director's cut? Also for Aliens, should I watch the 1986 theatrical version or the 1991 special edition? 




 seriously? *another* Spiderman reboot? wtf 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I'm a virgin, so HA! Nothing's following me! 




 is that a good thing or a bad thing? 




 It Follows because I'm scared 




 do you really think it's a good one because I took like five minutes writing that, and I don't want to feel like I wasted my time 




 The David Fincher version 




 Yeah I just said "fuck it" and decided to watch it with her. I'm a half-hour in, and she said, "So is this just a movie about 'tag'? 




 what's that? 




 uhhh... alright, fair enough 

[I walk away, then once you can't see me I run to the bathroom and cry my eyes out. You come to the bathroom door and knock, asking if everything is okay. The I scream, "NO! EVERYTHING IS NOT OKAY! IT IS NEVER OKAY! AND YOU WONDER WHY I CUT MYSELF!" You sigh, apologizing, then say, "Father Magoo, this can't keep going on like this. I don't know why you are so hell-bent on destroying your life. You need to turn this shit around, Father Magoo. You know... umm... Father... I never told you this, but I love you... I really do." I open the door slowly, tears falling from my eyes. "Really, BubblegumIPA? Really? Do you mean it?" I sniffle a little bit. Okay, a lot. I sniffle for like five minutes straight. "Yes, Father, I love you. I didn't know how to express it to you, so I have heavily insulted you this whole time as I grasped for a way to show my affection. I didn't quite understand how you were making me feel until now. I love how you smile when the blue moon reaches its peak. I love how you grasp flowerpots before kissing the flowers. I love the way you do your little dance after every heartfelt sermon. Father Magoo, I love everything about you. We need to be together. I know how much you care about the no sex 'til marriage thing, and I understand that. So why wait? Let's get married today. Right now." I graze my right index finger across my lip, contemplating the impact of this revelation. "I... I love you too, BubblegumIPA. Let's get married, Bub!" You grace me with a half-smile, subtlety rewarding me for using the pet name that I so often use for you and you alone. "I now pronounce us..." I inhale deeply. "...husband and wife!" I smile jovially. "I may now kiss the bride!" I proceed to perform the aforementioned act, and we passionately fuck each other's brains out after the best man, who has been watching us this whole time, slaps your ass.] 




 well I'm 18, so it's fine for me. I guess I could watch it some other time. maybe you can suggest some horror movies that my sister can watch with me. quick, because she won't stop pestering me about it. 




 Yeah, but if someone asks what my favorite movie is, and I say The Place Beyond the Pines, they say, "What's that?" or something similar 




 I just bought these films on blu-ray, and am wondering how they compare to each other:

End of Watch

It Follows

Pan's Labyrinth

Enemy

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

Prisoners 




 The Place Beyond the Pines. My favorite movie, but hardly anyone knows about this masterpiece. 




 She really wants to watch a movie with me before I leave for college, and she says that it has to be this movie because she likes the cover. She is 10 years old. Also, her name is Jessica, and you know what they say: Jessicas are always tough girls. 




 Alien, Aliens, Alien Isolation
 




 ok that joke's gotten kinda old now 




 lol 




 I honestly don't see it. 




 the games with gold lineup was just leaked, and cod is not a part of it 




 well besides the cameos in TDK and TDKR 




 Actually that's the only movie I've seen him in. What movies with him starring do you recommend?  




 Great observation. I completely agree. 




 It can be any one...

well, from that I kind of got the impression that single-player only was alright...

Skyrim is a single-player game, so I guess you can cross that off the list... 




 yes 




 Personally I don't like the game, so I myself wouldn't spend any money on it. You might really like it (a lot of people do), so it might be worth the money in your case. 




 Bioshock 




 repost, checking in  




 Nice. I haven't played Ryse or Fallout NV. 




 Rise of the Tomb Raider (because hotness) 




 By Starlight - The Smashing Pumpkins 




 I would ask my sweet Jakey Bear if he can be the new Joker with his big sis as Harley Quinn 




 by bleaching your angus 




 eh, Cillian Murphy did an outstanding job as Scarecrow. when I think of Scarecrow I think of Cillian Murphy
 




 [sorry it took so long](http://i.imgur.com/D16BsNE.png?1) 




