 There are so many great ones to choose from, but my favorite has always been

"The world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry."

I always have that line in the back of my mind somewhere, like a song lyric or something. What are your favorites? 




 Hey /r/Poetry,

I've started a GoFundMe for a new website that will, hopefully, appeal to all the poets here. As an amateur poet myself, I thought the idea was cool, but I'm curious to see what you guys think. You all helped me out a while back with a poetry experiment for my college class, so I'm hoping I'll get some help here too!

In a nutshell, writers will submit their poetry and short stories every month. Each poem and story will receive the same amount of exposure time, and will be voted on only by users. The votes will also be restricted, so it won't become a ridiculous popularity contest where the person with the biggest Twitter following wins every month.

If you submit one of the top 2 poems of the month, you get (if funding goes well) at least $100 and you'll be entered into a yearly vote for a large annual prize.

I'm really just trying to get the word out because I think a lot of amateur writers would like this idea. Again, maybe I'm horribly off base, but I'd love to hear your feedback and answer any questions!

Please share or support here: http://gofundme.com/zajdng 




 I'd love to see them team up for some kind of existentialist crime spree or something.  




 What little trade value he had is now completely gone. This guy really needs to get some help. 




 Yes. One of those moments when I realized I can never articulate an idea as beautifully as that. 




 Awesome, thank you! 




 Sup Ants

Longtime lurker, first time posting here. I really want to find Bry's Q impression when he answers "I hadn't learned to walk yet!" after Walt asks about the longest he's gone without sex.

I keep seeing the quote, but with no episode listed. You'd think I'd find it after my 4 or 5 catalog re-listens.

Thanks! 




 God, you guys are all such sentimental handbag fags. "I don't WANT to give up my Denard!" I say let's sim it. It'll be fun and unique  




 Speaking of just talking about their lives, Bry never told the update to the Screengate story, did he? I swore he mentioned that there was one. 




 So celebrities are allowed to use a platform that started in an attempt to allow amateurs to have a voice to do whatever they want with it, but it's pointless for "random" people to record what they find entertaining? There are all types of podcasts. Don't listen to the ones that you discredit because they don't have enough pop culture clout for you. 

And yes, we need a recording of that if those individuals want a recording of it. That's the good thing about podcasts. People can record whatever they want and people can listen to whatever they choose. I'm highly uncomfortable with the fact that a medium that began as a platforms for amateurs is now seen as a space for professionals and celebrities to further their pursuits, and now people like you say amateurs can't record what they want with their own money and resources. 









 "That's the Way It Is" is a pretty good and popular Elvis documentary. Highly likely Q has come across it. 




 Awesome! Use this link to join our groupme https://app.groupme.com/join_group/11854864/I9c4s2 and then we can send you a PSN invite 




 Do you honestly think someone could get 30 sacks against a user? 




 EDIT: This is a PS4 league

We are a very tight knit and fun league looking to add more teams. We like long walks on the beach and talking over coffee.

But seriously, we have quite a few open teams from our original fantasy draft. We just set up a DaddyLeagues page, which you can find at http://www.daddyleagues.com/RFFL to check out rosters of open teams.

One of our few rules is that GroupMe is mandatory so games can be scheduled. If you're interested, join that here  https://app.groupme.com/join_group/11854864/I9c4s2 and let us know what team you're picking!
 




 #whatsababycloud What a profound and deep question that I ain't got time for because I'm trying to catch 'em all over here! 




