




 I've had mine longer haha :) 




 no worries.. I guess looking it it it would appear it was in good shape and I threw some rims on it... not the case.

When I got this car it was not very desirable. The right fender and bumper were scratched and dented, it had clearly been in an accident. The headlights were oxidized to the point that they were actually piss yellow. rear speakers didn't work, interior was clean but smelled like mildew... found a leak and fixed that. the drivers side window had fallen off of the track and fallen into the door panel which was a real pain in the ass to get to. Engine bay looked like it hadnt been cleaned once, the poor thing even had it's original battery! One of the cells wasn't charging anymore so trying to start in the winter did not happen. And of course the car was rolling on hubcaps and steelies too haha.

yeah there was just so so so much, it was a year of work before I even got to make it pretty! 




 totally! There's always someone more suited to your interests... I actually bought this jetta right around the time we met. It was rough but his buddy had a shop so we were able to do a lot of the work there!

He had a shitty civic that was on its way out when we met, I convinced him to go the vw route with me and we've been working on then together ever since :) 




 I'll talk to my SO about all of that! Were you working on an mk5 at some point?? :) 




 Thank you, I've been having a lot of fun with it! We spend most Sundays in the summer working on it at my friends shop, he just got his this so he hasn't put much into it, just some work into the engine and interior audio.... all stuff you can't really see in a single picture hahaha.

looks like I should post an album of some of the work in the future! :) 




 damn... sucks to come onto this sub looking for conversation with other Volkswagen owners for the first time and receive a comment that harsh :( 

I bought my car with body damage and several other issues.... which of course aren't pictured. It looks like this after two years of work which I am extremely proud of... i lurk a lot and I finally felt i got it to a point where i could post it. I guess don't judge a book by its cover, the finished product is only half of the story. 

The point here is that I share the same affinity for vw's as everyone else here, and while I don't have the budget to do a full rebuild, I'm still enjoying working on a car within my limits... :/

Edit: Also if you'd like to know where I started with this car, I'd be happy to pm anyone some "before" pictures in the morning, since apparently I need to prove myself since this picture doesn't show a step by step of my build.... 









 totally get it! That's why I tried to clear it up as much as possible in the comments :) 




 I'm a girl..... It's very clear if you had looked at my profile. So I'm in no way a "bro defending frat boy". He tried to convince her to continue, she didn't and she left immediately. There was no rape. She was not held down or forced to continue. 

I'm tired of every little thing being rape today! She noticed people staring and didn't want to continue, he was messed up and wanted to convince her to continue but didn't succeed. That was that, she left 3 seconds later. 




 no because I witnessed it. You guys seem to be reading it as if she was fucked for several minutes afterwards. He tried to hug her and convince her to continue with the classic "babe come on, don't worry about them ect ect. for 4 seconds. the moment she pulled off if him he let her go.

it's not like she was held by her wrists and fucked until he finished. I watched it and it was nothing like that, this was seriously taken out of context! 




 you guys seem to be reading it as if she was fucked for several minutes afterwards. He tried to hug her and convince her to continue with the classic "babe come on, don't worry about them ect ect. for 4 seconds. the moment she pulled off if him he let her go.

it's not like she was held by her wrists and fucked until she finished. I watched it and it was nothing like that, this was seriously taken out of context! 




 then she was raped for an entire 4 seconds, because that's how long he tried to convince her lol 




 He literally only tried to hold her with him for a matter of seconds. He was all "baby come on don't worry don't worry" and then let her go when she got pissed. He was essentially trying to convince her to continue, not hold her down by her wrists and fuck her. 

I mean honestly, she was very aware that she was being analy fucked. And if it wasn't consensual there were plenty of people around that she could have told lol 




 she only tried to get off of him after everyone noticed and she got embarassed. He tried to keep her on him for a matter of 5 seconds, all "babe come on it doesn't matter don't worry ect ect ect" and then let her off. 

She was very clearly enjoying it initially, trust me. And if it was rape there were 15 people in her vecinity that she could have told at any time. 




 having anal sex in a hot tub at a high school party surrounded by upwards of 15 strangers kind of is. 




 He literally only tried to hold her with him for a matter of seconds. He was all "baby come on don't worry don't worry" and then let her go when she got pissed. 

I mean honestly, she was very aware that she was being analy fucked. And if it wasn't consensual there were plenty of people around that she could have told lol 




 He literally only tried to hold her with him for a matter of seconds. He was all "baby come on don't worry don't worry" and then let her go when she got pissed. 

I mean honestly, she was very aware that she was being analy fucked. And if it wasn't consensual there were plenty of people around that she could have told lol. She was definitely into it before it became fucking shameful. 




 Your guess is as good as mine, I think he had a condom but I'm not sure if that would help or actually make it worse lmfao 




 Not exactly. MDMA is the essential ingredient in Ecstacy, but it's very often mixed with speed or other amphetamines. That's what makes it a "different" drug. 




 exactly. Nasty ass molly shits in a hot tub.... ugh. 




 Back in highschool i went to an outdoor pool party at this rich kids house while his parents were away. It was a really nice place, huge pool, an outdoor gazebo with a built in hottub, bar and showers, a full tennis court, and a horseshoe pit to name a few of the things. The kids parents were clearly loaded, so he decided to have people over to treat it all like crap, just as any teenager would.

So everyone's drinking and running around jumping in and out of the pool (pretty bad idea but all ideas were bad when you were 17) and having a pretty good time. I'm walking around with a few of my guy friends from the time, and we decide we want to have a few beers in the hot tub. It was really big one so we hoped there'd be room. We get to the gazebo and go inside and sure enough there's a little space. One of the guys goes in, and I just sit on the edge and put the bottoms of my legs in. 

Now like I said it was a big hot tub, there had to be at least 10 people in the thing, everyone's talking and yelling and carrying on, so no one really noticed the guy and the girl on the left side were actually fucking. Like fucking under the water while everyone else was there. She looked like she was on something, definitely E or molly, he was just drunk as hell. I noticed they were doing something fuckey over there so I nudged my friend and pointed to them, he started laughing and hopped out of the water, and at that point everyone noticed and started calling them out on their nasty shit. 

So the girl freaked out and started trying to pull away from him, but he was trying to pull her back onto him, obviously too drunk to care. At this point soo many people are screaming and carrying on about this, that anyone within 20 feet knows something is up. It's a huge scene when she finally manages to pull off of him, but this is the best part... they were doing anal. They were doing fucking anal! She pulls off way too fast, and her as must have been relaxed from the hot tub or something, because she shits aaaalll in this kids hot tub. Like gross amphetamine type shit. The dude proceeds to FREAK the fuck out and jumps out of the tub, and she is literally surrounded by people while she swims in her own warm watery shit. 

She gets out, shit still stuck to her, and runs the fuck off of the property. It was a huge thing in our city for the next year, like the biggest thing to ever happen haha. I was actually really happy I got to witness it, but I never saw the girl again.

TL;DR: Girl gets publicly ass fucked in a hot tub and loses her shit, literally. 




 I don't think Mr. Rogers wanted anyone to be 200 pounds overweight either... 









