

































































































































 It seems that Syriza just does have the courage to give Europe the finger and leave the EU for good.  It would rather capitulate to bankers than charts its own path and gain its own control over its economic future by leaving the EU for good.  Yes, the consequences would have been grave in the short and medium term but in the long run, it would have been better than being a slave to the EU for good 









































































































































































 Survivor. 







































 Spying on your friends should be referred as "economic intelligence'. And everybody does it.  




 The easy solution is to pass a law stating that Congress people cannot lobby until seven years after leaving Congress. 












































 Have  not people learned the concept of leave no trace? 









 Submitting links on Reddit. 




 San Diego. Because it has perfect weather and is America's city. 




 Personal finance. 




 People who abuse dogs. 




 Right-wing bozos who ignorant of science. 




 Smiling. 




 It really depends on how the Eurozone deals with Greece after the election. They could do a massive debt writeoff and keep Greece in the EU in exchange for a package of economic liberalization, investment, and massive tax overhaul.  Or they could let it go and play Russian Roulette with the economy. Either way, the Greek debt is going to have written down to pennies on the dollar to prevent economic chaos in Europe.  














 I would go into a sober living home and use the money to train at a local community college for a skill or trade. I would choose to HVAC because HVAC is always in demand especially with climate change. I would use $2000 to buy a truck and use the truck to work for local contractors while I go to school at night and learn a trade. 




 It would not evolve.  We would be caught in permanent state of hunter/gathers because there was no stability to set up civilized government. 




 Because it became a battleground as a proxy war between Soviet Union and United States.  It is a way for the US to engage the Soviet Union without sending troops directly into harms way.  The US could not tolerate having a Soviet proxy state in central asia and so we were willing to support the Islamist rebels without thinking about future consequences. Which was the problem with most Cold war policy anyways. 




 Not well. I am not hunting, fishing, and trades types of guys. 



















 Because it means freedom of self-determination.  







































 Walmart has been calling me a bunch of times recently as well. 





































































 Just in case, my friends are not doing anything. I would be interested to see which city has the best firework display. 




 It is the same thugs that had a secret place for "enhanced interrogations" of suspects.  aka: Rahm's Goon Squad

http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/feb/24/chicago-police-detain-americans-black-site
 



















 What a bunch of crap.  Why does these religious hucksters accept that the fact that the USA is a secular nation and not a Christian nation? They should accept that they are living under the same conditions that Jesus was living under when he was in the Roman Empire.  There was rampant homosexuality in Rome and probably more than there was today.  Did Jesus target the rampant homosexuality that existed in Roman culture? No, he was more concerned about people following the way of the cross and redeeming themselves in Christ. 









 If you want to leave cheap, you can live in a sober living arrangement. However, you have to a person that alcohol and drug-free to do that. You do not need to be an alcoholic to live in those places, you just need to drug and alcohol free. Those places usually have the cheapest room rentals in the county.

The downside of those places are
(i) Abusive managers (my one loves to yell at people)
(ii) Curfews (which really do not matter at Action Alliance or Ready to Recover houses as long you tell the manager that you are out for the night)
(iii) Places that require meeting cards.
(iv) Annoying roommates

Try to find a place does not require a meeting card because if you are drug and alcohol free, you are abiding by the house rules and you really do not need meetings unless you are in recovery.

And make sure that you find a house manager (aka: landlord) that tries not to snoop in your personal life. I still hang out with my Burning Man friends all of the time and no one tells me what to do.  But I have over two years clean and really active in recovery and my UU church in Costa Mesa.  



































































































 The question is how to eliminate the big insurance companies and just to get down to the simple act of doctor and patient relationships. 




 The damage done to that country is jaw-dropping. 
































































 The Broncos.  I do not like the Raiders either, but I have universally rooted against the Broncos my entire life.  




























































































































 Tell that ton of recovered drug addicts that go to AA meetings and then get lured into doing cheap telemarketing jobs. 





























 I think he is a picking the wrong candidate.  









 This is a good idea. I have never been a fan of the TSA. 
























 Owning my own non-profit rehab. 




