 Resisting making joke about NOPD hiring standards . . . . .  



















 [Doesn't look like they have the 2006, but Subside Sports does sell several different retro US kits.](http://www.subsidesports.com/uk/national-teams/north-central-america/usa?limit=60) 







































 Considering the off-ramp, on-ramp, feeder road situation there, surprised this doesn't happen more often. 







































 I'm betting the driver of the other car wasn't paying attention and caused the wreck. 









 Everything has a dark side. 




 I went to see a movie this past weekend, first time I went to a movie theater since January, apparently there is reserved seating now. 









 Teaches them to be resilient and creative as they seek out new places to drink 40s and smoke weed. Life lessons man, life lessons. 




















































































 /r/graffiti 




 [Cheerios ad with mixed-race family draws racist responses](http://www.today.com/news/cheerios-ad-mixed-race-family-draws-racist-responses-6C10169988) 




 Sadly, for every one person who disagrees, there's probably another dozen. 
























 [Your cousin's video got some love over at Uproxx.](http://uproxx.com/tv/2015/07/orange-is-the-new-black-impressions/) 














 [Here's Part 2.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpyiI5_TSGY) 














 HIPAA was a pain in the ass when I did insurance defense work - plaintiff's claiming my insured caused her injuries, damn straight you better hand over all of plaintiff's medical records. 







































 [We actually had some winter weather back in December of 1989.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMVoiW_sghc) 




 Sharpstown wasn't that bad back then - still a lot of stores then, including Dream Merchant. Westwood was definitely on the decline by then. 




 Definitely been enjoying your videos, a nice walk down memory lane. 




















































































 Glad it worked out for the poor guy. 




 I used to get people offering to fix dents in my truck, my usual response was: "It's a truck, dents add character, I don't want them banged out." But, I can't recall any additional offers to "fix" the dents since I put 100 Club stickers on my truck, not sure if there is a relationship between the two or not, just an observation. 




 I can't recall if those shopping strips in that area have security, if so, you might want to give them a heads up. 












































 Very, unless they can shoehorn the situation into one of the exceptions. 









 For more information, here's the museum's website: http://www.nmajmh.org

I visited when I was in DC last week, was a really nice museum, has some good exhibits and interesting information. There is no set charge, but visitors are encouraged to donate. 














 I've listened some to Boom 92.1 here in Houston, but actually, long before that station adopted that format, I had been listening to Backspin on SiriusXM, still my preferred choice since it pulls from a bigger library and doesn't have to censor anything. 









 Here in Houston the "Dallas sucks" line got a good laugh. 




 The "oh we're fighting so our relationship must be over" thing was done in Friends, involving Chandler (in the Amy role) and Monica (in the Aaron role). 




 I'm not so sure it was a good man that set her straight, I think it was her father's death forcing her to step back and take measure of her life that allowed her to allow herself to be happy. 




 Great line. 




 At least LeBron wasn't as bad as Brett Favre in Something About Mary. 




 [Here's the relevant shot from Woody Allen's "Manhattan" to go with the Woody Allen joke.](http://i.imgur.com/ySnD5nb.jpg) 









 I'm curious how many departments added these rifles to patrol cars pre-9/11 vs. post-9/11. A guy a knew who was a National Park Service Law Enforcement Ranger only had a sidearm and shotgun pre-9/11, post-9/11 they all got issued rifles too. 




 [Bond schedule for Harris County District Courts.](https://www.justex.net/BailBondSchedule.aspx) 




 Setting bail is normal, what is surprising is that he actually managed to scrounge up the money to make bail. 




 No, it's not far from Houston, but it's very rural, and the populace isn't super friendly to outsiders or government representatives. Worked with a guy who grew up in Houston, but has a lot of family in Liberty County, he hated visiting them because they always treated him like he didn't belong around them. Also, a couple years ago there were some stories about three men who, in separate incidents, went missing in Liberty County with little to no evidence left behind. 




 Liberty County is an odd little County here in Texas . . .  




 I suspect the majority of Redditors are too young to know or remember the North Hollywood Shoutout. 




 FYI - that's a Secret Service Tahoe behind the Impala. 




 Kind of like when all those new folks to The Heights were up in arms about a Walmart being built in the area. 




 Your wife never lets you have any fun. 





























 /r/videos 
























 Kind of like BuzzFeed, there's good articles there if you're willing to take the time to find them and read them. 









 Did they lie to you, or did the finally get exposed to the reality that the death penalty system is seriously flawed? 





































































 The first episode I ever caught on the radio was Episode 83, "One of Us," I was living in central Wisconsin and had just finished doing laundry. At the time, TAL was not on Wisconsin Public Radio, but a little public radio station in Rhinelander was playing it, the first show hooked me. The show has changed over the almost 20 years that I've listened to it, but I still make sure to catch every new episode and rarely is there one that doesn't entertain or inform me. I do find myself missing (nostalgic for) many of the early contributors like Vowell, Savage, Rakoff (RIP), Dishwasher Pete, Carrier, Sedaris, Rothbart, Kine, etc. .  . . I think in those earlier days, the show was winging it a bit more, was a bit more outsider (especially for NPR in the 90s), and, let's face it, it was shiny and new. I always love it when they repeat one of those early shows. The show has matured (so have I, I think), it is different from when I first heard it, but that, in my opinion, is neither a good thing nor a bad thing. I'll stop rambling. 



















 Sadly, this is not all that uncommon in many of these chain restaurants. 














 "The Texas Folly"  




 I'm so lucky that my cats have little to no interest in human food. 














 NYC and Houston are amateur shows compared to driving in Rome (or almost anywhere in Italy), that being said, I loved driving in Italy. 

















































 [You can hear Andrew in this radio segment from NPR's Only A Game.](http://onlyagame.wbur.org/2015/07/18/andrew-peterson-fetal-alcohol-syndrome) 






















































 She left them at the McDonald's in the mall while she went for her interview, also in the mall. 




 I see it differently, she currently can't afford daycare, but is trying to do the right thing and get a job so that she can provide for her kids. To me, this is another example of our "justice" system punishing someone for being poor. 




 If I recall correctly, I received a Selective Service notice in the mail prior to turning 18 (back in the 1980s). My girlfriend in college was Vietnamese and she received a similar notice, the name Hai is used for both males and females. 





























 I've found that when I began driving in the late 1980s, Houston drivers drove fast everywhere, but these days it seems like Houston drivers are afraid of even just doing the speed limit (also not good at judging the speed of vehicles on the road when turning out of private drives onto road). 









 A lot of things go into bail qualification, in addition to that one basic building block of our system: presumption of innocence.

EDIT: The real shocker is that he managed to scrounge up the necessary money to make bail. 









 I'm not doubting the beneficence of this technology, but I'm not ready to crown it as being technology completely without harm. In other words, I'm not rushing to judgment either way. All I'm saying is that this is fairly new technology and there are, comparatively, a limited number of these vehicles on a limited number of roadways. It's only over time that we will be able to truly do a complete, informed harm/benefit analysis of this technology. 









 I think you're reading way too much into the title. Additionally, it is way to early to determine how beneficial this technology will prove to be in the long term. 




 It's the title that ABC News gave it, not me. Whenever I post to /r/news I always use the exact title as written by the news entity that created the content. 









 Actually caught a glimpse of Marine 1 flying over DC earlier this week, first time I'd seen it. Saw Air Force One a few times when it was in Waco. 




 Makes me wonder if they're really Texans, or just Okies playing dress up Texan. 



















 [Here's episode one of Haret El Yahud; however, no English subtitles.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FomD2T3jwfA) 



















