









 You do realize that is ridiculously fast, right? 




 So many people trying to tear down other people's explanations in this thread. The title wasn't, "Tell Us What Makes You Believe God Is Real and Atheists Will Come in and Call You an Ass For It." 




 Can't stop the signal Mal 




 Dude threw an elbow at him, but we can just keep calling Delly dirty 




 JR with a smart foul this time?  




 I just noticed a few scratches/chips on my car and was wondering what the best way to fix them would be. I know there is touch up paint available at most stores, but is it better to have them taken care of by my dealership? This is a 2015 black Mustang.  




 Why would anyone downvote you for this? 




 * Cavs - Bulls
* Cavs - Pistons
* Cavs - Wizards
* Cavs - Celtics
* Cavs - Heat (once upon a time)


Can't say I'd agree with you.  




 http://espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2015/insider/story/_/id/12906521/2015-nba-playoffs-atlanta-hawks-versus-cleveland-cavaliers-preview 




 Do you know him personally? Or are you basing this off a drunken rant? 









 After watching both videos, you can pretty much tell that he has nowhere near the same speed that he did previously. Definitely past his prime.  




 Every account on reddit is a bot except you. 




 You play on Gangrene? I do too. What area are you based in? I almost never see people grouping on this server.  




 It's not unplayable. I had a ton of fun playing with a friend last night. Sorry that you don't feel as though you can participate in alpha access anymore :( 




 With MW2, your account was not tied to the "physical copy" you purchased. You could just make another account, which was what most people did. Also, on PC this was mostly because of the internal issues that were going on over at IW.  




 This right here 




 I had the best time ever playing last night as well. First time venturing into PvP. Don't let the haters get to you.  




 I don't think he can have Steelheart's powers, due to the fact that he almost died to Obliteration multiple times towards the end of the book. Maybe I read it wrong though.  




 The fact that people don't like Sera does not mean she isn't a very well written character. I enjoy that there are characters that I outright do not like in my games. It makes it that much more realistic to me.  




 Thanks man. Appreciate the info!  




 link to said discount? 




 Came for the picture, stayed for the gifs 




 After finishing the mission I found out that I was unable to change any party members out of their formal attire from the ball. The problem is, all my auto-saves are from AFTER the mission and every single one I load has the same problem. If I go back to an earlier save, I will have to replay a large segment of the game. Can anyone help with this? I have not been able to find any information from EA/Bioware in regards to this problem.  




  Nope . I Hate trick and i Have a feeling that only kids and unitelligent people love him

 




 Too gimmicky in my opinion.  




 Dredd. Karl Urban can make even Doom watchable.  




 Man...you are a great person. That first picture definitely pulled on my heart strings. 




 Pheasant Run is better in almost every way, and it's just right down the road. I'd look there.  




 Ah yes...the Call of Duty community at its finest. 




 what is this from 




 Which tweet was that? Sorry, I'm not big on the twitter scene.  




 Police 




 Lost my license for 6 months, so basically every day I get home from work I play league for about 4-5 hours now. Went from silver to plat in that time and on my way to diamond.  




 Nah, Destiny is amazing. 




 My last relationship 









 YAY!!! 




 ? 




 590 is so close the difference is negligible. Also, the film will easily surpass that number with DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital sales.  




 You have a right to criticize, as well as to speak with your wallet. However, to call a company terrible in many ways without any justification or examples is just childish and entitled. 




 I couldn't disagree more. People tend to act entitled as if Riot owes them something, when in reality they are providing a service that is free that you have no obligation to invest any of your money into.  




  Yolo Queue is the heart of the game. LCS, and E-Sports in general is the advertising budget.

I could not agree more with this statement right here.  




 Did anyone else think Resident Evil when he first opened up the mansion doors? 




 Worth 




 Correct me if I am wrong, but if they included the .gifs for the animations (when available) in the client install, how would this affect load times at all? 




 Comments are filled with armchair therapists. Be warned.  




 There are some champs that I will not play strictly due to lore. 

ex. Darius, because Garen is my nigga.  




 Relevant Text: 

 "So as anyone who has watched the Vi champ spotlight may know, Vi was originally intended to be a top laner.

 She's got a lot of cool gameplay in top lane with the Q charge up and E cleave but, honestly, she's just too fair up there for too long compared to our current crop of top laners. In the early game she has meaningful mana costs, telegraphed attacks, and massive cooldown windows for her passive and all of her spells (P - 18, Q - 18, E - 14 per charge, R- 150). I actually think top lane Vi could be a pretty awesome experience for both sides of the lane if we did stuff like lower her CD's or buff E's range and mana cost but then jungle Vi would go to crazy town. Could nerf jungle Vi to compensate but then are we screwing over the many Vi mains who prefer her out-of-lane experience? It's a tough call. 
All this said, SmashGizmo got diamond last season almost exclusively with top lane Vi. He'd typically play conservative until 6 focusing only on CS and rush an Iceborn Gauntlet for the extended dueling power and mana to offset her high costs. Turns out if a Vi manages to stay even until 6 there is not a single character up there (not even Irelia or Jax) who can beat her in a straight up 1v1. Her burst and sustained damage output is insane when she gets the chance to use it and her late game with top lane items is monstrous for the enemy teams' squishies (or at least it was in season 3, a lot has changed since then)." 









