




 Fair enough in a standard brick and mortar setting.  However, what many people don't realize is that an owner/operator of a food truck with one employee in a busy location will pocket an average of $350-500 daily, if not more.  It is actually very lucrative if you have your product dialed down and are in a a heavy pedestrian area. 




 Terrible situation.  As someone who has owned/operated/built/ several trucks and food trailers, I'm curious why you say they we all barely making it.  That place always had people there plus spillage from the couple bars in the area.  I'm just curious how someone couldn't make money there. 




 Ouch. 




 I'm curious about this propane flavoring you speak of.  Will it help me get that charcoal flavor on my gas grill? 




 Are you wanting to can it?  Because curd is egg and butter based... 




 Back in my day, all we had was Bridgetown Hobbies and we liked it.  You will be getting my money too.  No game store in St Jphns. 




 I was going to say the same, sounds like her mind is made up though... 




 I know.  these videos are all I can find of the BDMS.  I would love to meet the genius who decided to show up with the VHS recorder.

I started looking everywhere a couple years ago after out of nowhere belting out the lyrics to "My Penis" and my friends were all "what the fuck?"  And then went on to tell stories of this magical wonderland called Locals Only... 




 I can't remember his name, but I think it was Mr. Stanley.  THAT FUCKER WENT TO BEAVERTON. 




 What is your background, aside from mother/housewife?  Any other school or education? Work experience?

Get a job in a kitchen.  You're in for a long ride.

Start working your knives on potatoes.  They are cheap and kids love mashers.  Take a 10# sack, peel them with a paring knife, square them up, and dice it all down to 1/8" cubes.  Then repeat the process with 1/4" cubes, 1/2", and 1".  The do it all in reverse.  Then start the same thing on carrots, onions, celery. 




 I've been itching to find a copy of Big Daddy Meat Straw: Live at The X-Ray. Do you by chance have that? 




 Is muni wifi the Tom Potter project that never went anywhere? 




 Someone with more tax code knowledge than me can easily clarify this.  I believe that PDX still has a "maintain and upgrade the phone lines" tax on business.  Somewhere in all of the fees, there is supposed to be money allocated for that.  

Why can't we simply shift part or all of that collected money into a different fund?  Like a "build an Internet PUD" fund?  Don't eliminate the tax, don't increase the tax, but apply it in a way that is tied to current technology and looking towards tomorrow.  Instead we are still rebuilding inferior technology from last century. 




 Post up the design! 




 Not southern 'q, but I did have a bammer of a pig sandwich today at Kahuna BBQ in St John's.  It is Hawaiian, but that shit is legit, yo! 




 owners will claim his will bankrupt them. The "chefs" who can't get their contracts or jobs straight and dialed down when they start will be let go when they ask for this OT.  Simply because someone else will work the hours and not demand it.  Fact of the labor market... 




 Please go into detail about this need. 

emulsification is a way to bind fat.

 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emulsion 




 Wrist control will give you the flow you want out of a speed pour.  There isn't an emulsification out there that requires a precise drop by drop method.  If you are trying to make mayo or a vin by doing that, you're wasting your time.  




 Get a wine bottle and buy a speed pour. 




 I know that guy too.  He's unreliable :(
 




 http://imgur.com/a/s2Qry#24

That is a link to a gallery of my from scratch tacos.  All have been sold in some rendition or another, mainly off of trucks/carts.  I don't know which are veggie without looking at the photos, but I would say about 1/4 of the 50+ pics there are veggie.  And all of the meat preparations can be made with tofu, Anasazi trinity, carribian sofrito, etc.  If you see anything that you like, link me the pic and I'll tell you what it is.

spiced and grilled squash, cumin tofu, various beans   sofrito, avocado, salsas and relish up the ass, chipotle cream, fried yucca with mojo... 




 Word.  Thanks for the heads up.   




 Title is self explanatory.  I love them, a lot of people don't.  I'm trying to get around having a hood installed, currently we have no gas or fryer in the trailer.  The thought on pasta is sauces to 90% in the commissary   par-boiled portioned pasta every morning so it is sauce heated/finished.  A 3-5 minute fire on the burner and an electric salamander to brown cheese as necessary.

I feel like we could do dumplings/monos/potstickers/WTFever you want to call them on induction too.  A bamboo steamer on a French steel pan with an inch of water.  2 minutes to boil and 5 minutes in the steam?  Thoughts? 




 bad fucking plan. 




 The general populations barefeet.  And unmanned kegs. 




 I know.  There never has been.  Health code doesn't regulate customers and such practice by Big Government has been found discrimination.  Shops require it, can refuse service when it is posted, and do so to prevent being sued from injury.

Being in the hospitality industry, I've seen some stupid shit.  There is a greater chance of someone having a blood borne illness and infecting someone through ineptness, than there is from E. coli or anything else coming in on the bottom of someone's shoes.  

People can operate how they like, I'll never say they can't.  I love seeing Darwin's theories being put to the test on a daily basis.  I mean, the product for consumption is unstaffed and unlocked... 




 It is an unsupervised food and beverage establishment.  I just don't see how it could be considered sanitary, let alone safe.   




 People can operate however they like.  Operating with unsanitary conditions shouldn't be encouraged though. 









 Call animal control and let them know when and where there have been off leash aggressive dogs. If you have a physical address where the dog lives, report it and they will come knock on their door.  They will dispatch someone immediately if you call and say that you feel you or your dog is in ANY kind of physical danger due to an off leash dog. 

If you are in a public park, call Parks and Rec.  They can't always get someone out right away, but they explained to me that they have had their budget cut and are wanting to take calls to increase their "need for funds."  

Also, remember that it is your right to protect yourself and your property (dog) from harm.  Next time a yippie little shit comes charging at you from anywhere in an agressive fashion, punt the fucker back to the owner.  You will not be held responsible if you are on public land, your dog is leashed, and the other attacked you. 




 Actually no.  I did not.  I have the legal right to defend myself and my animals if they are attacked.  Plain and simple.  That is not a threat, but a right.  Maybe I stated what I did poorly in your judgement, but I would not be found at fault for such actions.  I would just be found an asshole.  I also don't find park patrons a threat.  However, I do find the ones who break the laws and to be a *potential* threat in need of being reprimanded.

And as far as we go, I have talked with many of the other people who live on the edge of the park that are sick of unleashed dogs in the leashed areas.  Call P R and animal control, they will tell you that they get calls all the time.

I also didn't delete my post, mods did.  I can screen cap it for you if you like. 




 I have made no threats of violence.  I just pointed out that we appear non threatening to the naked eye, but it is stupid for people to assume that we are.  Not everyone is friendly.  We are, but we also don't tolerate wankers.
 




 Sorry.  I forget that this is a moderated forum.  With that said, I'm going to leave it as is and keep it in check next time.  I have no ragrats. 




 I just moved back to PDX.  Born and raised in the SW Columbia basin.  I have spent a lot of time here.  

Public offenses and what you deem to be acceptable doesn't matter when they impact others.  Also, the crackheads, tweakers, and homeless are an ethical based societal problem.  Not an asshole problem. 




 That guys dog bit mine.  I am not going to be nice about that.  He's lucky I didn't call the cops then and there.  No blood was drawn, so I didnt.  How would you react if you had a child at the park and another kid ran over and punched them in the head? You'd probably yell at the parent. 




 All unknown dogs should be assumed to be trained as much.   




 And we as a neighborhood love you here.  We want you to stay here and patronize the few bars and restaurants we have.  But the bad apples drive us all nuts and we are limited on what we can do. 




 On this measure and within this forum, you are correct.  And I honestly don't care.  This was a last ditch effort after repeated attempts to engage people at the park in a civil fashion.  The issue is, people don't see what they are doing as wrong and get defensive and hostile when you tell them they are doing it wrong.

I honestly don't think that the hardcore people are a problem.  It's the fucking casuals. 




 Just bean the party with a disc.  And then call animal control.  Totally worth the stroke.  There is an off leash park 1/4 mile away. 




 I just moved back to where I'm from. 




 That is my point, it is.  If a teenager or an adult walked up to an unknown dog to engage it, they understand there is inherent risk.  I still fault the owner for not having their dog under control and they will be the one getting in trouble of harm occurs. However, I blame the human for being stupid.  A young child doesn't understand inherent risk, so can't be found stupid or at fault.

I should have phrased that as "it was the child's parents fault..." 




 If you want to find the dog shit, take a dog to the park and let them sniff it out. You'll find it soon enough.  It is mainly on the skirt of the park, because people actually clean up when they see their dog dropping one in the middle of their walkway or they do it right next to them while on leash.

The litter is bad, but easier to deal with. I think the worst part about the litter is what kind it is and what people are consuming.  

My dogs are on leash, non violent (unless commanded otherwise), and under control at all times in public spaces where they are required to be by law. As far as my dogs go, that is all I have to say.

The kid that got knocked over...  It was the child's fault for trying to engage it, IMO.  However, the kid doesn't know better at 4 years old.  So it is the dog owners responsibility by default.  That is just the way it goes. 




 i am calm.  Just slightly annoyed. 




 503 865 2381

Guy called me back in 5 minutes.  Said the more times people call, the more times they will go out.  Might not be today, but it will get put on the list of rounds and they are happy to "educate" people. 




 It isn't an ultimatum.  As a whole, I love your community.  I've even been known to help facilitate tournaments and am currently working on setting up more seasonal chains in the area.

I know the disc golf community has a bad rep.  And ya'll have been working hard to fix it.  and if you really want to help on this issue, you'll call too.  People typically don't learn until it costs them money. 




 Enough calls and someone will show up eventually.  Just hours late and on the wrong day.  And it will be some poor college student who gets dinged for an open container out of stupid luck as the cops walk through the park.  That is ultimately what I'd like to avoid.  

However.  If a dog is acting hostile and acting aggressively, animal control will dispatch someone immediately.  If a dog charges at me from across a field, I assume it to be aggressive.  Animal control said that is a legal reason to call.  There is a good chance that if it happens on the first hole, animal control will be there before they are off the course.  They can and will write tickets if a dog is off leash, even if it is not being aggressive.  It just takes the phone call to get them out.  They also said they want the calls.

Parks and Rec had their budget cut and are spending more money having to clean up after this community.  If certain members of the community want to abuse the prevailage, they should be taxed.  Maybe then they will stop.  Or the community as a whole can help itself out. 




 You must be a pleasure to play with.  Must have been why you were by yourself and your dog whimpered when you violently grabbed him. 




 No, I'm just slightly annoyed. 




 I'm not trying to start a dialogue.  I'm giving a heads up to a community and giving them a chance to do something about an issue that could potentially have an adverse effect on them. 




 Not a threat, a fact. 









 Did you google the word Romano? 




 You have 19 sandwiches on your menu.  Fix that first and foremost.  Drop it to twelve.  First one to axe is that Brussels sprout grilled cheese BS.  You'll throw out more product than you sell.  And don't fuck with caprese salad and try to wanker it all up.  Kill that sandwich too, it's terrible.

do not give options on plating.  If you must serve a grilled fish, give it a different fucking plate.  Not fries.  The person ordering it is trying to be healthy.  Don't give them an option of deep fried anything.

You veggie entree option reads like an after thought of "I've got to cross utilize quinoa" and is completely unoriginal.  Give the veggies what they want - something good and different.  There is a lot you can do simple and well.  Include a veggie butter sauce pasta.  One that can be done with oil for vegans.  You are all ready trying to appease everybody with that menu, you might as well go all the way.

Google the word Romano.  Is that what you want to have affiliated with your shop?  Check your language son.



 




 what kind of pup ya got?  Ours are 70# and 50# and like to wrestle. 




 We (gf and I) just moved into St John's and are looking for local peeps to kick it with.  I'm on the edge of Pier park, about to walk the dogs to the dog run and burn one.  If you roll in that fashion you're welcome to join me.  Dogs don't bite and neither do I... 




 pimping *is* easy.  If you ask Fly Guy. 




 Well, if you're looking for a tutorial or an instructional video on the game, please refer the the classic Wayon Brothers film "I'm gunna git you sucka."  It shows that you not only need everything previously mentioned to win, but that you will need to know prose too. 




 And some theme music. 




 How in the fuck can you forget [this](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/theoffice/images/2/20/2009Creed.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090312193628) face? 




 No sarcasm here, legit question.  Other than that the Max might be an express route and skip a stop you want, why would you choose the bus over the max?   




 I have wish you were my neighbor.  




 Try taking a "degree" from Blue and have the credits transfer to a state runs college and then tell me how accredited it is.  I understand what they tell people and what they print.  It is mainly counterfeit. 




 Blue isn't accredited.  It is a diploma mill.  Save your money.

CIA will teach you everything you know now, but with proper terms and better knife cuts.  Plus you'll get contacts.  However, most that go to CiA can't get a job that will actually put a dent in the loan you'll take to go there. 




 WE ARE ONLY ASSHOLES BECUASE WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH CUSTOMERS.  RESTAURANT FOLK THAT DONT HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE REST OF THE DREDGES OF SOCIETY ARE ACTUALLY NICE PEOPLE. 




 I know exactly what you are talking about.  I would love to pick up an early 80's Toyota 4x4 that has been rebuilt... 




 Thank you.   




 Thanks for the tips.

The $4k isn't fixed.  I haven't needed to buy a car in almost 10 years and don't know the market.  I thought that might be a good number to start at.  Would you say that $6-8k is more reasonable?

Subarus are great, we currently own one and have had others.  No complaints there and am happy with it.  I also don't mind dropping another thousand or two into a $4k car, I just don't want to do a whole motor or something else that expensive.  Or a job that puts the car in the shop for a week plus.

I never would have thought about a Kia.  I'll keep that on the list. 




 maybe I've had bad luck?  Looked at 4 rigs in 3 days.  2 weren't what was represented in the posting, one wasn't mentioned it was rebuilt in the ad plus she wanted full value, and the last guy refused to have it looked at when I wanted to confirm what he told me.

I don't want to buy a used car from a lot.  I also don't want to take on payments.  However, if I have to pull 20K and buy new to prevent buying a POS, I will.  I'm just hoping not to. 




 You speak the fears I figured.  However, I'm not going to buy a car to have it inspected.  It will go to the mechanic first.  My problem with private is that everyone thinks there shit is golden, wants way more than what is realistic, and usually refuses to have it inspected first or to split the cost to make the sale. 




 obviously, you're not a golfer. 




 I'm open to any and all leads.  If someone can deliver me something that fits my needs, I'm happy to pay a finders fee. 




 I want to.  But I'm feeling like I don't have the time to deal with running around, haggling, and dealing with people's schedules.  I really need to find a rig within the week and am running a fairly tight schedule right now and don't have much time to spare.

What I would like is something $4K and under, decent enough to take into the woods on unimproved roads, OK mileage Is fine, and has room for 2 medium sized dogs.  Basically, I nwant something that will last at least until the end of next summer without any major repairs.  Outback, S10 sized pickup with a canopy, older jeep, etc. 




 I'd much rather do a private sale, but individuals can be just as much of a pain in the ass.  I have an independent mechanic to do an inspection, know the basics to look for in buying a used car, and am hoping to to not deal with a complete snake.  Does anyone have suggestions? 




 TL;DR - not many.  And not many who have built up a business where they are making $50K yearly working for themselves would sell it for for under $200K.  At least in my experience.

And here is the main problem you have.  You can buy a business.  Hell, you can operate one.  But without the years of training and experience that the original person who built the business had, you will close your doors and lose your investment most of the time.

No offense, but you are looking at making a terrible mistake.  It is sort of like Suzi Q homemaker who bakes cookies for little Jimmys bake sale at school being told "you're such a lovely baker, why don't you open a restaurant!"  And then they go out and buy a place and after 6 months they realize they are LOSING $50k a year... 




 Head out to the beach for a weekend of camping.  Someone posted a whole list of places around Tillamook recently as a road trip guide.  I'd also suggest Ft. Stevens and Ecola St park for a nice drive up the coast. 




 Falafel I have not had.  Been by the spot and looked at it all, but did so with a pulled pork for the Belles in my hand.

I've been chatting with the Kruger folks and I might start making hand made pasta and whatnot in there.  It's a potential and they seem to be wonderful people.  Right now, I'm Trying to figure out what people would like, what is offered, and what is not in the area.  

Here is the biggest question I have - who is open after midnight around here on the weekends serving food?   That I've not investigated yet.

We haven't been into the ranger yet, but it is an 8 minute walk from the house.  We hope it is going to be THE neighborhood bar for us.  However, Slims has pinball for me... 




 I'm honestly surprised by this, as I abhor vegan food 99% of the time.  I get being a veggie, but vegans mystify me.  No cheese?  What?  No fucking butter?  Are you kidding me?!

However, it can be done well.  It just usually isn't.  Which is why I have been quite surprised that *I* suggested to hit up the Proper Cafe on Lombard, after we had already eaten there was once.  I mean, we still had 15+ other shops to hit up.

If you check my submission history, you will see a lot of meat based food and even more homemade bacon.  I'm also one of the hardest critics of restaurant/hospitality establishments you can come across.  I have my issues with the place, only because I'm in the business.  Yet based off of the items I have tried there, I have no problem with the food. 

 I would typically say something like "this place is pretty decent for what it is, vegan" and leave it at that.  But I can't.  They are simply making some good food.  I understand that I'm just another asshole with an opinion.  But anyone has ever spent 5 minutes talking with me would be shocked to hear me say something positive about a vegan joint.  If you haven't been, check it out.   




 Thanks for the offer, appreciated. But we hit up Vinnies, simply because we had to know.  There are only so many shops in the hood, we have to give them all a go at least once.  Also, being the restaurant/food guy that I am, my goal is to spend $ in every restaurant/bar within a 2 miles radius of pier park in the next 6 weeks.  I need to find the places that we will be regulars at...

 




 If you don't know about this stuff, buy it.  It will change your world when it comes to baking in general, but for ice cream it means still having seeds in the mix and not scraping insanely expensive beans.  

http://www.amazon.com/Nielsen-Massey-Vanillas-Madagascar-Bourbon-Vanilla/dp/B0000W0GQQ/ref=sr_1_sc_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1433642049 sr=8-2-spell keywords=Vinalla+paste 




 I miss read the part about half.  I thought he said I've got half, implying securing the rest.  My bad.  But getting things on the DL and from cousin Bob is usually not nearly as cost effective in the long run.

I've been in the restaurant biz long enough, as well as consulting opening and failing shops on why they are.  $150k for a coffe shop is fucking stupid talk.  If you need $12.5k a month for "operating expenses" to run a coffe shop, you're doing it wrong.  Or it should not be operating as a coffee shop. Plain and simple.

Sit back and STFU is implied.  Simply because "bookkeeping and compliance work" are not day to day operations.  And if the bookkeeper is telling me how to run my business, I should shut down.  

usually one friend (the talent) is afraid of telling the other friend (the money) that they need to do just that half the time.  STFU.  If the talent can do it, the money should just get paid.  Those are usually the best working conditions when someone says "I only want to be involved in X.  And no more than X."

 




 Good to know.  and SS is quite fine and worth the walk from the house too.   




 They totally are, we got slices walking by the other day. Just new in the hood, unboxing, and didn't want to leave the house. 









 If you are the money and have a 9-5, and want to do this, you will need to sit back, shut the fuck up, and not take advantage of the "free coffee."  Your job is to trust your investment to not screw it up and to have basically 0% input while receiving 51%+ of the profits.

Honestly, $150k for a coffee shop?  that seems absurd.  What part of the country are you located in?  Are there NO locations where you could do it for. $40k?  Who decided that was realistic?  You realize, that a coffee shop that sells $4 in products to each customer on average will take YEARS to pay back your initial investment, not to mention the interest on the other half the money you don't have.  This sounds like a terrible idea to me.  Not cause you have a job, but because ypu will wind up $75k short and another $100k in debt of you do this. 




 If you were the guy with the tripod at the intersection on the hwy30 side of the bridge at 5:10am, we just want to know what the hell man?  That is *early* to be out taking pictures! 




 I'm currently doing it.

Poachedjobs.com if you're in a covered city is decent and usually has jobs CL doesn't.  Cold calling during the right time can yield results other than annoyances.  it is moving towards summertime, talk to the catering companies.  They should be jamming shortly. 




 Did not know they were even out there.  I do have several of theirs, thanks for the tip. 




 Good to know.  I'm used to paying $1 an inch. 




 Right on, I'll be swinging by there on Monday. 




 Thanks.  




 My roll needs some serious attention. I've got everything from good German steel, cheap Sanisafe, and Japanese sushi blades.  Also a couple of dead serrated blades that should be turned into a straight edge.  Who does stuff by hand in town? Or do most use grinders? 




 If your time is being eaten up by existing business and you get shit like this that you should just roll off and ignore, why on the fuck are you posting about it on reddit?  Shouldn't that time be spent servicing your current customers if you're that hard pressed for time?   




 Oh shit! I Seriously only had one come up in the search.  But then again, I didn't search 10 different key words just ISP.  Thanks. 




 Not $200, typically $75-100.  I mean, I'm only working with food.

Giving away free food only brings me business, which is why it happens daily.  It is also why I'm able to secure accounts.  It is a cost of business, plain and simple.  

However, when the entitled of the world deem that because someone else decided to give away a bunch of free shit on some randomly selected day, that others have to as well, I see it as absurd.

It is also a proven fact the people who search out coupons and freebies are not the kind of repeat customers you want.  They usually only come in for the discount and never come back. 




 A lot of good advice already.

Do the math, put it in front of him.  Can you do cost analysis? P L reports? Labor counts?  If not, I suggest you learn how to, so you know how to approach these kinds of situations delicately.  Because you are trying to tell your boss that he can't do his job.  By the sounds of it, if what you say is true, he can't.  And my advice is GTFO if he doesn't pull his head out.

However, if what you say is true, do the math, and put it black and white numbers.  Get a pedometer.  Time your recipes to a T, step by step.  If you don't have the physical labor hours to do the job, it's simply not work faster.  You just can't fucking do it.  And if he won't hire someone else, he DOES NOT value you, the product, or the customer.  He is simply worried about his paycheck.  And if that is the case, then that guy can simply go fuck himself. 




 The butter is for extra body, a rounder flavor, and shine.  If you do a side by side, one with and one without butter, you will find the one without to have a dull appearance compared to the one with butter.  

But the answer to your question is yes you can.  Just make sure you run the final batch through a chinios because you run a greater risk of curdles from the second cook. 




 Thanks for the kudos!  After we get into our house next week I'll give ya our new address.  I'd love a bag of whole bean Peaberry from the Kauai coffee estates if you can manage it.  Or whatever else you want to throw in a flat rate... 




 I would be grateful.  I'm in St. Johns and would be thrilled to buy you pint or a snack next week. 




 Title says it all.  I'll buy, or even make you lunch for it. 




 FUCK ALL YA'LL BITCHING ABOUT THE HOUSING MARKET.  WE FOUND A HOUSE IN 30 HOURS AFTER DRIVING INTO TOWN, IN THE NEIGHBOORHOOD WE WANTED AND FOR LESS THAN WE EXPECTED TO PAY. STOP BEING A FUCKTARD HIPSTER BITCH AND GET A REAL JOB THAT CAN PAY YOUR BILLS. 




 Sani safe or Vitronix 10" off set serrated should run you under $25. 




 Sure. But half the line cooks I know can't even sharpen their own knives. It is also, in my kitchen, used mainly on strawberries or to concasse a box of tomato's.  Faster and more efficient with less waste.  Can't argue against having the proper tool for the job... 




 Can't believe I didn't see anyone else mention it, the rest of the tool kit was covered.  A tomato corer and a melon baller.   




 Thanks for the link!  I'm in Twin Falls currently and will be in PDX tomorrow house hunting. I hope that I will be in the woods within the week. But I do have tons of NM info I can plug into this.  This  is awesome and something I've been dreaming about. 




 Baked French toast "casserole."  Basically a bread pudding at that point.

Sandwich bar was mentioned.  I think taco bars are just as good and easier, simply because you can double the prep down for breakfast burritos.

Rice pilaf holds wonderful and is a great side with a slow cooked meat.  Just Make sure that you wrap it with both plastics and foil.  And a good pan sauce/gravy makes the starch stretch further.

Frittatas will be your friend.  Breakfast burrito "enchiladas."

Gyro/falafel station.  Greek salad, hummus, pita, tzatziki, and tapanade.

 




 Tips?  Grammar, spelling, and punctuation go a long way in the world.   




 I've got about 7 pounds there.  I figure that will last me through the summer :( 




 August.  If ya'll only be buying and eating chile in August, obviously you're not a golfer. 




 I'm honestly not worried.  I'm packing the cooler with a good 25# of frozen green to take with me.  I mean, it is just chile.  But to a convert who has lived here long enough, it will be a culture shock to not just be able to get it anywhere on anything. 




 Granted, I do have a decent jar of Hatch seeds and a hot house waiting for me.  However, they will not be the same. 









 You are wrong to think that one business model is superior to another in the hospitality field.  There is one that is more profitable, if that is what you are asking. Which is fast food.

Fast food and casual dining, just like cocaine and hookers, ain't goin' nowhere.  There is a market for it and will continue to be a market for it in our current model of economics.  




 I don't know where you live, but if you are expecting any kind of quality food, let alone *hand made*, you're going to have to spend more than $4.  And if you expect me to wait on you for a $4 sale, you will be told loudly and vocally to GTFO. 




 You've already been down to Shasta this season? 




 Your eggplant parm ;)

http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/34h0lc/eggplant_parm_with_hatch_green_chile_and_a_pickle/ 









 Very very nice.  That capo looks spot on. 




 Is that guy still alive?  He was an old man doing commercials before the bankruptcy and Gloria stepping in...

Holy fuck.  FREE IS A VERY GOOD PRICE.  




 You're pretty much spot on with that. 




 What else isn't around?  Ultimately, that is the question at the end of the day.  I'll make whatever.  And it is starting to look like (sadly) that the MO might be to ride out the GF and vegan fad.  I really don't want to deal with those clients.  However, it doesn't seem like there is to much out in the suburbs and someone does need to service the soccer moms...

edit to add... When I get into town, if you want, I'd be happy to come over and teach you how to make one the best EPP you've ever had.  While using and expanding your skills, tools, and knowledge.   




 Something like this that you can order and have in your hands in 7 minutes?

http://i.imgur.com/MnvbyJ7.jpg 




 That pic is a sub roll with fries.  Maybe 9"?  I personally would eat that one sitting. I'm also not an American fatty at 165#.  It looks good, but not gigantic.  Also, with a sammich like that for $10, you are getting your side ON the Sandwich.  Nothing wrong with that, I dig it.  But it does make your portion seem huge when you wrap it into one thing.

Also, if you look at my pics, realize that they are not hand held and most are on full size, 12" dinner plates.  It makes a huge difference.  Most of mine weigh with at least 1/2# or more of meat. I'll put my product next to anybody's and they will love it just as much as theirs. 




 $7 is a lot of money for lunch? 




 Caveman is on my list to look up, thanks for the tip.

The dish I described above is something (honestly) run of the mill to me.  My main background is in Italian food and high end French.  The other main idea I've been kicking around is a fresh pasta cart.   




 Ok.  Different.  From scratch, to order pasta?  Something like sweet potato quinoa gnoicchi with marinated artichoke hears, preserved lemons, and cured olives?  Vegan and gluten free.  I'd happily sell plates of that for $7.  Or carbonara with home made pancetta for $7. 




 That is exactly the kind of stuff I want to hear.   




 I know the market and have debated on simply going to work there for a while after I move to town.  They are a great shop.  Sadly though, I don't know the food/restaurant scene there anymore.  Been gone for 10 years... 




 The only authentic NM food is beans, rice, and chile.  And I *will* be bringing Hatch Green with me.  I've already struck a deal with a hot house to start growing them for me exclusively year round and am looking for another spot.  There will be fresh roasted Hatch in PDX on a regular basis by the end of winter.   




