 I run a bar in Cambodia, and each night we screen two movies on our back wall.  I've been trying to keep the movies tied together with a common theme, whether it was Dan Akroyd Night (Ghostbusters and the Blues Brothers) to Real Life Infamous Violent Criminal Night (Chopper and Bronson).  Tonight's Music Mockumentary Night (Spinal Tap and Fear of a Black Hat).  I was wondering what you guys would pick for a theme and what movies! 




 Thanks! That's what I kind of figured. It's been a nightmare keeping healthy backups of everything!  Lots of no name brand or fake brand name hard drives; I'm gonna try to make it to Phnom Penh next week and get some better drives, maybe replace the internal if I can.  




 I'm in Cambodia, trying to make the limited equipment I have available work for me.  I wasn't expecting to work on this trip, but I got sucked into a project with my editing laptop back in Texas.  My question:

I bought a laptop where the internal drive has two partitions. Looks like it's 5400 rpm.  Right now, I have Premiere on one partition and my raw footage on the other.  I also have a USB 3 drive that's 5400 rpm that I'm using as a backup.

Is it better to have my raw footage on the same disk but different partition as my OS and Premiere, or should I be working off of the USB drive and use the other partition as a backup?  I'm also doing some light After Effects work, if that matters. 




 I was confused when I first read it, but the article's saying that the data will be returned to earth, not the probe.  




 Hello!
I'm in the middle of a six month solo motorcycle trip across SE Asia. So far I've gone from Hanoi, down to Ho Chi Minh, and across to Phnom Penh. I tried going into Laos earlier in the trip, but got denied at the border multiple times, with the guards saying that there is a new law forbidding foreigners into Laos on Vietnamese bikes. 

I'm hoping a Cambodian registered bike will be a little easier to get into Laos, and it would be nice to upgrade from 125 cc's anyway, so I wanted to sell the Win here and upgrade. Has anyone here done this? Any good places or websites I should look at for decently priced, used dirt bikes? Ideally, it would be along the line of a Honda CR 250 for under $800. Any good spots to sell a Win with Viet plates and registration?

Thanks!

PS: is there a Facebook group for expat/travelers in Phnom Penh? Hanoi Massive and Saigon Expats groups were extremely useful when I was in Vietnam 




 Geez, this is such a sad story. Nobody should have to go through that. I'm glad you got out of there and that you're doing better.  




 I kinda figured. I'll be heading to Cambodia next, then Laos, and I'll get to Thailand around February.  I was hoping to get this thing sooner, but I'm guessing Cambodia and Laos would be even more difficult in terms of shipping things to myself.  




 Cool, thanks! 




