




 I'm that91guy 




 good luck to all that enter :) hope we can get somewhere there this time  




 That sucks :( it's crazy to think that's how it was all those years ago 




 of course i did! ill never forget the time i said a$$ all those years ago 









 I would hit that.. Then it could make me some hot pockets after 




 Those Japanese are into some crazy things.... 




 I think he's yelling 0? (Also I'm that guy) 




 order priest. birds trying to summon the devil 




 I'm all for people that are into Chinese love, but what would go in other? 




 vitaMAN!! he's one of the 2% 




 [this chick wins](http://cdn29.elitedaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/unnamed.jpg) 




 Upvote because girl 




 Go away Mormons! For the last time I'm an atheist! 




 Must have been Jenny. Hate that bitch 




 Me? 




 Thank you for your suggestion 




 You like to live dangerously  




 What about a sub just for original content? Like some sort of magic bot puts all oc onto it 




 That's something I've never even remotely thought about... But next time those dogs is getting the old thumb in the bum trick. seriously though, thanks for the reply and i will actually remember this trick 




 that made me laugh so hard :) 




 thanks for the reply, yeah I'm pretty sure its the same here 




 Thats pretty crazy. but I'm like you, i would have done anything to stop these dogs from killing mine 




 thanks, yeah i thought that's how it would work 




 I win. Don't have any friends on steam :( or do I lose? 




 so this happened recently. I was walking my dog in a area where dogs have to be on lead, two dogs got out of someones backyard and started attacking my dog. I just want to know where i stand if i injure the dogs attacking my dog. Can I get in trouble? I live in West Australia if that helps with laws 




 haha i like it but when i bought it i thought it would be smaller... i barely use any of it its so massive! 




 thanks :) I've had no problems with the strix it runs pretty quiet the only thin i can really hear is the fans going on my case currently playing witcher 3 also with GPU usage in the high 90's 




 haha i had to do it. thanks. as for the wallpaper i got it from [here](http://wallpaperfx.com/games/other-games/the-elder-scrolls-wallpaper-15657.htm) that way you can pick your screen res and size if you like it :) 




 sure thing.
  
CPU: Intel I5-4690k @3.5GHz  
CPU Cooler: Cooler Master Hyper T4  
MEM: Corsair Vengeance CML8GX3M2A1600C9 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3  
GPU: Strix GEForce GTX 970  
PSU: Cooler Master v750 Semi-Modular  
Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-Z97X-UD3H  




