 But they do such a good job at ruining lives,  worth a shot.  









 If the yelling sounds abusive at all you can report her to FSA.

You could go visit and offer to watch the kids,  maybe she's just stressed and needs a break.  
 




 That's so strange.  




 "Hallelujah! " we will sing as bodies smash against the ground and body parts fling off in all directions.  




 I'm assuming in space because nothing would orbit at 500ft 




 I got a text saying "I think you have the wrong number" 

There were no records in my phone of ever having called or texted their number.  




 Chuck it in the ute 




 Rip. Condolences to your family 




 Whenever I  see my little nephews and niece. 




 9.27pm, rural australia, watching Click and its terrible  









 Friends without Gunther 









 I feel like I see things worth sharing,  even if only a few people appreciate it,  or if many do,  I enjoy sharing the things that make me happy.   




 Pretty much this.

Be there for them,  offer support, maybe take them out/ invite them over/ visit if you think they will be ok with that.  




 I'm in SA, the extent of our aboriginal lessons was "they do dot paintings and throw boomerangs."  




 I didn't realise this.  I learned about the massacres in uni,  but not in a lot of detail, it was taught as fact.  I'll have to do more research.very interesting, thank you for pointing this out.   




 https://instagram.com/p/5UJQi1AttP/ d_l.photos

I'm south australian,  take a lot of nature, animal, children photos and a bit of daily life kind of stuff 




 I thought Michael Jordan was the president of the USA, and I thought the USA was the only other country in the world besides Australia and that president Michael Jordan ruled australia too.  




 When people show how generous and caring they can be,  especially when you've been seeing and hearing a lot of negativity.  




 I truly hope this too. If i end up in some kind of afterlife I'll be pissed.  




 This and massacres (assuming you're in Australia)

In my school it was hardly taught at all. I didn't learn much about it until late high school.   









 https://www.facebook.com/eyrepeninsulakangaroorescue

Their facebook page 









 http://www.gofundme.com/epkangaroorescue

My relatives take in kangaroos after they have been orphaned, abandoned or injured. 

They have been doing this for 10-15 years and have never asked for donations, but as carers across the state are running out of space they would like to extend their kangaroo yard to be able to take in more kangaroos in need.

Please help if you can, any amount will be accepted with enormous gratitude! 

thank you!

Also, please check out their facebook page to see where your donations will go to https://www.facebook.com/eyrepeninsulakangaroorescue 




 I forgive you 




 Yes, its quite unneccessarry. 




 Probably nothing because of how insanely poor they are 




 Embarrassing too many letters  




 Its very very unlikely  




 That so many people close to me have serious personal problems. Suicidal tendencies, cheating on spouses, unwanted children, miserable lives- all hidden behind a happy front.  




 You could try some glass artists, my aunt put her fathers ashes in a glass bead. 

I'm very sorry for you loss. Dogs are the best people. 

https://www.facebook.com/groups/australian.art.beads/
 




 Not usually but these ones are used to people. The more wild ones will hop away before you can get close to them.  




 Worth a try 




 Very often. They're outside my window right now.  I fed them oats earlier.  




 Give them a name and keep track of them.  "Oh look!  Tonys in the kitchen today!", "hi Tony,  in my bedroom? Cheeky bastard!" 




 Seconded 




 I'm not sure,  they're awful. Please send help 




 The day before my first ever period. I thought all of my internal organs had exploded and I was waiting for death to take me.   




 Brow envy 




 Sorry to bring it up 




 Tony Abbot 




 At my grandfathers funeral.  We're all really clumsy and I imagined us knocking the coffin over,  at the time it seemed like the most hilarious thing, grief i guess... I let it a few snorts but i think they passed as cries. 




 Three guys who I went on good first and only date with and one guy who I'm still with 2.5 years later and moving in with soon. 
 




 Heaps good 




 There is a well known massacre of aboriginal people that occured in Elliston, South Australia... turns out my (white) ancestors caused it.   




 They are good.  Definitely worth it.   




 Toast with peanut butter and a cup of tea 




 Dog biscuits  




 If you feel like going for a drive, one of the cowell pubs (franklin?) does perfect donuts. 




 I want to touch them  




 Scale rot 




 If I had listened to all of that I think I would go insane. How do you get through it?   




 A house 









 I don't like the look of them,  and if people wear them casually out in public they should be punched. But I've heard they are excellent for rock climbing.  




 Wear my pyjamas out in public.  




 Heck yeah!  Anything for a friend 




 Grow your own garlic too, so easy 




 Yes,  and it seems more to do with feet.  




 Marc might be pizza, how would we know?  




 "Don't drop that breakable thing you're carrying" also.  




 Yeah, nah, gone for ever.  




 Right here,  pal, buddy, bffl.  




 Cargo pants are hideous, they may be comfortable and practical but I will never wear them,  so I use a bag instead.

I'm really not even into fashion that much,  but cargo pants are a sin, go scrub yourself clean and repent.  




 This for me too. 




 Ooh. Ok.  I get it!  
I'm Double-Threaded then.   




 For those of us who don't know anything about native American names. .. can you please explain?  




 I really had no idea what i was doing.  I wanted to be Brody Dalle... 




 Til. I've always called them phantom poops.  




 In the tree/ bush in the backyard.  Or in a randomly chosen bag.   




 I'd do this.  Maybe work as a teacher for children in need. 




 The envy of all.  You still got yours?  I've got mine somewhere. We might regress.  




 Hahahaha kids are stupid 




 Oh. This is heartbreaking. But somehow beautiful also. I hope you both feel happiness again soon.   




 My imaginary friend was called Maggi-pie. I unfortunately have no memory of him or her though. My older sister had one called Manalaver.  




 I use girl up to whatever age I am because referring to myself or someone my age as a woman or lady makes me feel old.   




 Or sheilas 




 Yes,  I didn't even know humans were animals until I was about 10 and even then I thought it was bs.  




 Same.  I want to be able to impress and entertain my guests at dinner parties 




 https://instagram.com/dimity_leonard/

Australian, mobile photos, just things I like, daily life, will follow back. 




 I was too punk. The shame 




 I've been practicing haha. Thanks 




 Thanks?  




 Like my 85 yo nanna. Bonkers! 




 Haha thanks.  Just cut back on the eyeliner, all good now 




 Just put one in the comments. I think I'm fairly normal now.   




 http://imgur.com/ftwwD9p

sorry for the selfie. This is me right now.   









 It has layers 




 I know.  I don't even know why.  I can't stop laughing. So stupid 




 Rainbow lorikeet.  




 This is so sad! 




 You would make a pretty princess now.  That picture made me so sad for little you.  Aww 




 Biscuit means twice cooked. So I'd assume triscuit is cooked three times 




 I also hate that (back to the room).i always take the back to the wall chair when i can  




 Seeing the last remaining animals of many species 




 Tony Abbot 




 Torn at the crotch.  




 Unfortunately it's long gone.  But I still find myself singing some of their songs to myself occasionally  




 Depression is very life threatening. It kills more people than cancer. 

This is not a healthy person, this is a very seriously ill person who deserves to be free of her pain.  




 Aqua Aquarium, 8, because I wanted it and I had some birthday cash saved up.   




 Aww! That babies so chubby! Gotta pinch those cheeks 




 I've been wanting to see something like this happen for ages.  There are so many terrible pretty owners who face no consequences of their terribleness.  




 On land 




