




 This is how I poop.  I started doing it spontaneously when I 14 and never looked back.  I do so in my socks so I don't get the seat dirty. 




 try pigtails 




 Congratulations, you just quoted
 an energy consultant with Energy in Depth, an advocacy group for the Independent Petroleum Association of America 




 David Bowie's "Space Oddity" is about drug addiction. 




 What would kids do without the internet to complain about their moms? 




 That's ignorant. It's called inline skating now. 




 I legit am telling you the truth with this story:
Once when I had never cooked anything besides microwave popcorn and toast, my gf and I had a craving for mozerella cheese sticks. Instead of going out, we decided to try to make them.  We filled up a pot of oil and put it on the stove to boil.  Then we lifted the lid and it shoots up in flames!  Now we should have just put the lid back on and removed it from the heat, but instead we did this: We called the fire department and ran outside.

Now the fire department can and a fireman went into the kitchen while we watched through the window.  This is what we saw him do: He picked up the flaming pot of oil and brought it over to the sink and turned the faucet on.  It was like this gif.  Fortunately the fireman was wearing a protective suit, but the ceiling was toasted.  Suffice to say, my gf did not get her deposit back  for the apartment.

I was pretty shocked to see this, because I really thought this would be the first thing they teach you NOT to do in firefighter school. 




 Follow this comment thread up.  It started with
 Holy shit, make your kids exercise

So we are talking about general health and weight control. It doesn't make any sense to talk about either of those things without mentioning nutrition. Get with the program. 




 I enjoy sleeping in bed as well. 




 You being downvoted shows the ignorance of the average reader here.  Of course it is the CONTENT of the food.  Nutrition is really important for weight loss and overall good health.  Not all calories are equal.  If you eat buttloads of sugar you aren't getting any nutrition and you will still be hungry and will eat more food.  If you eat a well-balanced wholesome meal you will feel satiated for longer. 




 This is why you don't ask people on the Internet to validate your dreams.  No one knows how it will work out for him and no one can tell him if it's a good idea or not.  I'm sure people thought Bill Gates was nuts dropping out of Harvard. Not that everyone who quits their job or drops out of school is going to be as successful as Gates or Tarantino, but the thing is, no one knows. 




 Source on permanent vision damage?  I don't think LSD is a miracle drug and I've had good and bad trip, but I think you are parroting an urban legend here. 




 lol dae women are terrible? 









 A giant tattoo across a man's entire front torso that was not professionally done that read **"I am a sadistic pig and a rapist"**  Strangest thing I've ever seen. 




  There is no way chicken will magically make you lose more weight than a well-planned plant based diet, especially not if you do not exercise.

That's true, and I was never arguing otherwise.  But she is acting on the advice of her doctor, however wrong that advice is. The language of "betrayal" also implies that eating vegan is some kind of team, or worse, a religion where we try to win "converts". We shouldn't be so emotionally invested in our dietary choices that we feel personally attacked when someone decides to try something else. 




 Have you tried Linux Mint? 




 Saying it's a betrayal is making the issue entirely about him, when it's really about his wife and her health. 




 Well, you COULD feel angry and upset, it's understandable.  But is it useful?  Not really.  I think you are taking it personally when it really has nothing to do with you.  Your wife isn't betraying you, she's just responding the circumstances in her life (however misguided her reasoning may be).  Have you talked to her about other strategies for reducing her carb intake WITHOUT reverting to animal consumption?  You and your wife should be on the same team here, and that team's goal is for you both to have good health.  Also, maybe she needs a better doctor. 




 They say that in the game! Upvote! 




 True.. but let's celebrate the milestones along the way, while staying focused on the big goals. This is good news! 




 I doubt this problem is exclusive to psychology. 




 I want to share this with people on facebook. Can you provide your sources please or at least point me in the right direction? Thanks. 




 rekt 




 Every thread!!! 




 Found the vegan! 









 Also, one might argue that just having the product and wearing it is helping to promote it, because it's kind of like an advertisement for leather boots if you are wearing them. 




 Smoke. 




 r/uberdrivers/ 




 Now I don't know what to think. 




 I believed you, and then I saw you were telling the truth. 




 Please let us know what else you are able to watch despite the dead pixel on your TV. 




 Yes, it's good to stay hydrated.  Studies show that 100% of people benefit from drinking water. 




 Lovely shade of blue. 




 Still relevant today. 




 Sometimes it's only the court jester who is able to speak what everyone else is thinking but afraid to say. 




 I love [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmVadrAg35Q).

The Court Jester is able to speak the truths that none of the wisemen can. 




 I've only played golf one time.  It was ok. 




 Well, that's a relief. 




 Not bad. Thanks for asking! 









 If you use quotes, you get a web forum where they are discussing if author John Milton wrote *himself* into Paradise Lost as Satan. 




 That is mildly interesting, I suppose. 




 Hi. How are you? 




 This is correct, and there are a myriad of other ways that karma manifests itself.  Smiling at someone can set off a ripple effect of subtly improved moods that eventually circle round and come back to you. 




 Thanks! Please let me know when it's ready! 




 This looks awesome! Thanks you. 




 Neat.  I do not have a brother. 




 Karma: Turning redditors into parrots. 




 I have read much of the Hebrew Bible.  Yes, there are some thing that sound fucked up in there, but most people do not take them literally.  There are many ways to interpret these texts.  Most jews that I know practice peace, charity, and [Tikkun olam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tikkun_olam) (the practice of "reparing the world") .  Judaism is one of the least understood religions, because they don't make any effort to proselytize, and they only bother to explain things to people who ask.  Because of this, people have been misinterpreting the religion for centuries.

[Here are some awesome jews who are wholly against Zionism](http://www.truetorahjews.org/).  Remember, the first Zionists where all secular and didn't make any sort of religious claims.  Some Zionists have tried to use religious arguments to manipulate religious jews into supporting their cause.  They have deliberately conflated Zionism and Judaism. Please don't do the same thing.  




 My vision is to join or start a self-sufficient community designed around the principals of permaculture, such as diversity, integration, creative response to change, etc.  I practice yoga and meditation almost everyday to aid in my personal transformation.  I'm skilled at organizing people, inspiring others, and conveying a vision.

What I am lacking are some practical skills for operating a self-sufficient community.  Particularly, I'm looking for hands on experience with designing and setting up a sustainable permaculture food garden/farm/forest.  My ideal situation would be to live and work on an operating or developing farm for several months, with some formal lessons to lay a foundation of understanding.  I do not have thousands of dollars to spend and I'm hoping for a work/study arrangement.

Please, if you know of a place like this, ideally in CA, OR, or WA, let me know!  This is not a passing whim, but something I see as integral to my life's/soul's progression.

Also, what actions can I be taking right now to prepare myself for something like this?  Thank you!! 









 These sick fucks have zilch to do with Judaism. 




 Yelling doesn't make your argument any stronger. Calm down! You were responding to OP who stated that is a travesty that many young black men are in prison for MINOR drug charges, to which you objected.  I was replying to you in light of OPs statement.

But while we are at it, IMHO, if drugs were dealt with in a sensible manner, dealers wouldn't be severely penalized either unless they were pushing to kids or engaged in violent behaviour.  It's a transaction between consenting adults about what to put in their own bodies.  Why don't we throw all the pharmaceutical pushers in jail?  These are actually the most abused drugs. 




 WTF does being vegan have to do with what you are talking about, doc? 




 -Socially Awesome Penguin 




 Wow, that looks easy!  And delicious. 




 Most people are there for only possession, not distribution.  And yes, it IS a travesty for society to treat people who are suffering from addiction like absolute crap and offer them no medical assistance at all.  Prisons are NOT drug free environment and many people begin using there.  Drug use and abuse should be considered a public health issue, not a criminal issue. 




 I did too, but I don't remember it now. 




 You might say that no one or nothing is ever fun, just the experience of that person or thing that is fun.  Or you might not. 




 I also have a couch. 




 Careful, you're making it sound too *interesting*. 




 Oh. 









 Do you like toast? I enjoy toast. 




 Cool. 




 Tin foil usually comes in rolls, inside a box. 









 Mugwort unquestionably gives me more vivid and intense dreams. 




 So are the Ferguson ones. 




 Right, it's like some people seem to be offended if you don't drop to their level of depression when you interact with them.. 




 I'll try, and I don't make any guarantees, but these things definitely helped me.

1. Realize that only you can make yourself happy.  Stop looking outside of yourself for that perfect person/job/situation to change your life.
2. Meditate. Learn to quiet your mind and get in touch with your truest self.
3. Exercise everyday.  Get addicted to endorphins.  A healthy mind follows a healthy body.
4. Make lists of things you are grateful for.  Use these things to cultivate a feeling of well-being and practice holding this feeling for as long as possible each day.
5. Aim to please yourself, not other people. 




 I have. AMA. 




 Can't someone be both happy and peaceful and relaxed?  Also, can't a happy person have dealt with shit in the past and gotten through it? 




 Use the save button. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebratory_gunfire 




 Linux Mint is pretty great. 




 He meant this usage:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_within_a_state 




 I agree.  One could say both CYOA books and text adventure games are both forms of IF. 




 Hint: look at troll's overall comment karma 



















 Return to the breath.  It is a practice.  Overtime you will gain an increased ability to focus through meditation.  Whenever you find your mind has strayed, accept that without judgement and simply return to the breath. 




 Ok, I should have said nicotine use. 




 I bet your reaction would be different if it were a dude. "Drama queen"?  Your misogyny is showing. 




 I was taking this from the article:

 If youre a little hazy on the meaning, it means to inhale and exhale the vapor produced by an electronic cigarette device, which are themselves also sometimes known as vapes. The word was coined as a way of distancing the act of e-smoking from the act of smoking combustible tobacco cigarettes, the OED said in a statement today.

But from the [OED's blog](http://blog.oxforddictionaries.com/press-releases/vape-named-oxford-dictionaries-word-year-2014/):
*vape*, verb
Inhale and exhale the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device

*vape*, noun
 An electronic cigarette or similar device; an act of inhaling and exhaling the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device

At least it does say "or similar device" *cough cough* cannabis vaporizer. 




 this is probably true, but still the definition is somewhat incomplete. I have been using the word to refer to vaporizing cannabis for years and I'm sure others do as well. 




 Iguana (reptilian) Secret Intelligence Service. 




 It's just too bad the definition seems to refer only to tobacco use.  I guess including other herbs would be too controversial.  Either that or they were paid by eCig makers to do this. 














  To force companies to include certain messages, knowing full well that people have an irrational fear of the thing these messages are informing of is a blatant violation of companies right to commercial free speech.

The purpose of labels is to educate.  Laws shouldn't be made based on assumptions of how people will react to education.  This line of thinking is directly from the industry.  They are afraid of losing business because of people "irrational" fear of GMOs, but whether or not those fears are irrational is irrelevant.  If industry is so proud of their product it is there job to present their side to consumers.  It is consumers' right to do their own research and come to their own conclusions.  Without labels people cannot make informed decisions about what to buy and what industry practices they want to support.  I'm sure there are many people who think GMOs are the best thing since sliced bread and will buy them specifically because they are GM.  This is their right as well.

Now, exactly what constitution statute are you referring to?  You can't possibly be suggesting that it's a 1st amendment violation.  That is really laughable.  Denying people access to information is protecting "free speech"?  Be honest, that argument is spurious at best. 




 Don't harp on people for thinking critically.  Why do you feel it's better to blindly accept a narrative of a stranger on the internet than of the government? 




 We did it guuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 no... they are both disgusting. 




 I agree completely, you jackdaw. 




 You can rent the documentary online here:
https://vimeo.com/ondemand/culturehigh 




 Let's see if this gets any traction on r/science. 




 It's more than just a marketing term.  It is a [USDA standard](http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true contentid=organic-agriculture.html).  You might argue that standard has been watered down by industry lobyists, but it IS a standard. 




 I think upwards of 90% of situations are worsened when police are added to the equation.  When will people learn this? 




 Let's get to the bottom of this nonesense.  There is a pandemic of police brutality.  Sociopaths with badges and guns.  Are these people being systematically put into these positions or is it just that these types of people are attracted to the power they afford?  Either way, something needs to be done. 




 Yes, it's totally "asinine" that people should be be able to make informed decisions about what to purchase and put in their own bodies and what industry practices they want to support. /s 




 Ahh! Get away from me you mongrel! 




