














 That's right. Today I went on for about 12 hours without being able to eat, due to unforeseen circumstances at my job. My fastings are usually 7-8 hours long, so this was pretty rough. When I got home, I had a simple meal with salmon, shrimps, added sugar-free oatmeal cooked with water, and some spinach and asparagus. 

Best feeling ever! Going back to 6 years ago, the simple thought of not making that huge meal a large 2500 calorie meat lover pizza would have felt horrible.  




 You don't need to drink shakes. This cleanse thing is a marketing ploy. You just need to eat less calories, and to avoid foods that are highly caloric and not very filling (such as the ones rich in added sugar). Everything else is most likely unneeded BS.  














 Well, if you're talking about alcohol, that is debatable, but personally, I don't find that drinking alcohol is ever worth adding an extra 300 or more calories into my body, so I don't, and it doesn't keep me from having a social life either. But like I said, with planning, creativity and a bit of cooking skills, you can totally make food that is delicious and also fairly low in calories. At least I manage to do it. Maybe that's not possible for others, I'm not sure.  




 You've missed my point. Having a cheat meal involves eating something that you like. My point is that, with some small compromises, you can eat the stuff that you like without going above your caloric intake. This 'cheat meal vs strict eating' continuum is a false dichotomy invented by people who don't understand that eating things you like does not necessarily equal not being able to follow your caloric goals.  



















 If you still think that after you've read my post, then we obviously disagree fundamentally.  




 As a guy, I would not be able to relate to that, obviously. I just want to emphasize the idea that this is what worked for me, and nothing grounded in any science. I'm not saying that you should change your caloric intake daily according to your weight, I'm merely saying that doing this had positive results for me.  




 This is purely anecdotal, but during those times of 'mysteriously higher weight' as I like to call it, I would just drop my caloric intake by 50-100 calories everyday until my weight would get back to what I perceived as normal based on my progression at that time. Then I would either re-increase if I found myself starving too much to my taste, or maintain that caloric intake until progression would halt again. It seemed to work.  




 **1. Removed all foods that were highly caloric and not very filling.**

I feel this is by far the biggest factor. When you're constantly on a caloric deficit, everything you eat becomes more important, every piece of food becomes 'precious' and you feel like you have to make the most of the food you eat. For me, the first things that went out the door were alcohol and foods rich in sugar. This had a nearly instant positive effect. After that, I learned to tailor my eating habits and food choices to my needs over time mostly in a trial-and-error fashion. 

**2. Got myself rid of the whole 'cheat meal' mentality.**

There is no such thing as 'cheat meals' or the need to have a cheat meal to me. Because it's mainly about caloric intake, and with a bit of planning, cooking skills and creativity, you can make food that is healthy, tasty, filling and not insanely high in calories and added sugar. I can make a 670 calorie pizza with ham slices, low calorie cheese and homemade tomato sauce if I want one, or 520 calorie pancakes with a sugar free pancake mix and chocolate protein powder. In other words, I can still eat whatever I want, without ever going above my target caloric intake or stuffing my face off. There is no 'eating strict' or having 'cheat meals'. To me, this is merely a false dichotomy. 

**3. Weighed myself every morning and adjusted my caloric intake to my weight of the day.**

Whenever I felt like my weight wasn't going down at a pace that I was satisfied with, I would lower my caloric intake slightly, by, for example, reducing every meal by 50 calories or so. This pretty much prevented me from ever plateau-ing. Inversely, if my fat loss seemed to be going well but I felt like I was starving at the end of the day, I would do the opposite.  

**4. Never listened to what other people were saying about my physical appearance.**

Personally, if I had listened to others' nice comments, I would still be at 20% body fat and with very little visible muscle mass, which is incredibly far from my own goals. I realized that I was mostly doing this journey for myself, and that, therefore, the most important was how I felt when looking at myself in the mirror. Others giving me comments about my physical appearance change always felt nice and was always appreciated, but I never let it dictate how I felt about myself or the efforts that I was taking to reach my goals. I kept going at the same pace until I reached my goals, no matter what others were saying. 

**5. Kept an open mind, and was always ready to make changes if I needed to.**

I never thought that what I was doing was the best way to do things, and I kept myself ready to make drastic changes if I ever needed to. Sometimes the hardest thing to do in life is admitting that what you're doing is not working and then moving on. However, I believe that the fact that most of what I do is rooted in my understanding of the current science behind nutrition prevents me from ever being stagnant. As the science evolved over the years, so did my eating habits, and I credit my scientific approach-induced flexibility to much of my success. I tried a lot of things that I know don't work today, and as soon as I would find out, I would stop doing that thing, but the one thing that never did stop is my body changing, and I believe this to be one of the main reasons for that. 
 














 The short answer to what you're saying that I would give is that you're partially right, but that the effects of sugar are complex, controversial and not fully understood yet. But definitely, too much sugar is harmful and not really necessary from a nutritional POV. You could go on for your entire life with very little consumption of sugar and still be healthy. That's why I personally don't eat added sugar and very little sugar altogether.  




 It's not just about increasing muscular tissue or physical appearance. The benefits of resistance training are countless, especially as you age, and perhaps even greater than those that you get from cardiovascular training, although this is debatable and both are undoubtedly important. Proper nutrition with a resistance training regimen helps maintain functional strength and muscular tissue mass as you age, both of which will otherwise slowly decrease mainly due to a decrease in natural production of testosterone and other hormones as humans grow older. It has a huge impact on overall quality of life. On the other hand, it's been shown that being on a caloric deficit has positive effects on metabolic health that go beyond just allowing you to reduce fat tissue, i.e., it's actually pretty healthy to be on a caloric deficit for extended periods of time. 

Will you be in poor health if you just eat at TDEE level? No, not at all. But I personally believe that the health benefits of being on a 'bulk/cut' type dieting regimen are greater than just maintaining energy homeostatis all year long.  




 What about others placing themselves in front of your fishing spot so you can't click it?  









 This is complex and controversial, but in my opinion, you should not ever maintain. Eating at a caloric surplus allows you to increase muscular tissue and overall strength when combined with a resistance training regimen, and eating at a caloric deficit has been shown to be beneficial for overall health, and it allows you to get rid of the extra fat that you gain while being on a surplus. However, some studies show that a high carbohydrate, low protein diet has the same metabolic health benefits as being on a caloric deficit, so if I was maintaining, I would probably aim for a diet rich in carbohydrate foods.  




 This is something that I wrote on the AdvancedFitness subreddit, and I figured that I could share it here as well.

https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedFitness/comments/3d0gmi/you_should_cut_out_carbs_especially_sugar_from/

Basically, I explain the science behind why it's completely false that eating sugar alone can cause your body to store more fat via increased insulin production. I apologize if this is complex science, but my three arguments essentially boil down to this:

1) Insulin secretion is merely one of many mechanisms that can cause your body to store nutrients as fat.

2) All nutrients, not just carbohydrates, but also amino acids and fatty acids, can increase insulin secretion, but increased insulin secretion in itself is not necessarily a bad thing.

3) Whether insulin secretion or any other physiological interaction with nutrients in your body causes increased fat storage depends almost entirely on how much you're eating, i.e, total daily energy expenditure.

Let me know if you have any questions, and I will try my best to answer. I'll be honest, I didn't use any sources to write this up; I study Biochemistry and Pharmacology, so this is kind of a sum up of many of the concepts that I've studied as well as my general understanding of the current science behind nutrition. However, I do have sources to provide in case you are interested in further reading on some of the ideas that I've shared here.  

















































 You misunderstand. I said that the importance of physical activity has been overstated in the case of fat loss, not in general. Physical exercise is obviously important to maintain muscular strength and mass and cardiovascular ability, amongst other things. And laypeople might have a rough idea of what 'healthy' foods are, but they don't know how to stop themselves from eating the ones that they know aren't, and in my opinion that's the most important. It's not that uncommon knowledge that 'sweetened fat' foods are bad, yet people are eating them on a daily basis. The complexity of it all seems to go straight above a lot of people's heads.  




 http://www.ajpmonline.org/article/S0749-3797(15)00146-4/fulltext

As we are progressing into the 21st century, we are also undergoing a societal shift in body weight perceptions: it seems that being overweight is now a lot more of a standard of normality than it used to be 30 years ago, according to this new study. At the same time, obesity is now officially recognized as the leading preventable cause of death in the developed world, and those supposedly in charge of our society are hailing it as 'one of the most serious societal issues of the 21st century'. Yet, the obesity rates keep going up, with some stats predicting that 70% of the world population will be overweight by 2020.

To me, there is only solution: we need to teach kids how to eat, or more specifically, how to eat less. And it starts in the educational system, mainly in schools. The food companies refuse to reduce the amounts of calories from fat and sugar in their products at the expense of palatability, and it cannot start in the family home, since most parents are ignorant of nutrition themselves, and you cannot pass down knowledge that you do not have to begin with.

We still have a long way to go before we have fully elucidated the interactions between humans' physiological mechanisms and their environment that are causing them to overeat and gain fat weight as a result, but one thing is for sure: you cannot outrun your bad eating habits. So let's drop the physical exercise BS, and we can start off by admitting that we are simply eating too much. It's not even about eating 'healthier'... Scientists are still arguing over what that even means, but in controlled lab experiments, reductions in total daily energy expenditure that result in fat loss are by far the greatest contributing factor to improvements in overweight and obese individuals' general health. So, in the case of people who suffer from obesity, the best food choices might very well be the ones that allow them to consistently eat less, regardless of what they are.

What do you guys think?  









 Well they contain small amounts of sugar, yes. But it represents less than 5% of my daily caloric intake on average. But yes for the most part I do mean added sugar.   




 I've stopped eating literally everything that contains sugar, including fruits. I get my vitamins   minerals primarily from vegetables now.

I know it's drastic and not necessarily needed for weight loss, but when I was eating sugar I felt like a slave of my own cravings, and I was miserable, feeling like my life depended on the satisfaction I would expect from those small windows of time where I was allowed to 'cheat', but they would never live up to my expectations and would always leave me frustrated. It felt like I was caught in a vicious loop. 

For me, it's a huge accomplishment. My diet is mostly made up of lean meat (fish, chicken, seafood), oatmeal, walnuts, eggs, and dried beans and green vegetables (asparagus, spinach, lettuce, avocados, etc). And I feel much better. I can eat whatever I see as optimal for my health, because my sense of reward is not dependent on my dietary choices. I started my weight loss journey years before cutting sugar out completely, but I credit this drastic change for helping me go from 17-18% body fat to below 10% which is where I am and which was my end goal right from the start. 

Obviously my body fat %age still goes up once in a while when I'm intentionally eating at a surplus in order to increase muscle mass, but overall this 500 day period feels like a huge milestone and I'm really happy.  





























 Your inherent lack of interest and comprehension is probably due to your life background as a layperson.  














 This is awesome! Thank you SO much for sharing this!  




 The science behind meal timing is complex and controversial, but the layman explanation is that meal timing is mostly irrelevant in the context of weight loss. You can eat whenever you want as long you respect your caloric intake for the day. The biggest predicting factor of success, by far, is finding an eating pattern that allows you to consistently respect the caloric intake you've given yourself as a daily goal. A lot of researchers currently believe that most of the short-term effects of meal timing on metabolism and subsequent tissue growth are ultimately mediated by cellular energy input in the longer run, meaning that, at the end of a twenty four hour period, it really doesn't matter how your body was affected by when and how much you ate as long you didn't overeat.  




 This is a simple tip that has helped tremendously in the past. Sometimes at night, when returning home after a day of work, I would be really tired and still hungry for food after my planned meal, despite having already reached my target caloric intake for the day.

What was the solution that I found for this? Simply going to sleep. If you're sleeping you're not hungry, and the faster you go to sleep, the faster you can get up in the morning to eat again! Give it a try if you don't believe me.

Edit : not saying this will work for you, but it did work for me; it's just a suggestion.   




 Thank you. These messages mean a lot to me. However, I suffer from a lot of guilt daily and am very ashamed of who I used to be, I wonder if it was the same for your fianc as well? The only upside is that it prevents me from ever deviating from my strict diet due to suffering from guilt immensely if I ever do so, but, even though my body is very healthy now, it's not the same psychologically. Guess we all have some things to work on in order to better ourselves.  




 Obesity is one of many metabolic diseases, but some of these diseases can be caused by other factors, like genetic abnormalities or environmental factors, of course. But generally, when people say metabolic syndrome, they refer to obesity and type 2 diabetes, the former (and possibly the latter as well) being primarily caused by continuous overeating.  




 No, metabolic diseases are the outcome of continuous overeating, not the act of doing so.  




 Thanks! 




 Yeah haha! Not gonna happen though. :)

And thank you.  




 Not in general, but where I come from, suffering from metabolic syndrome is quite shameful.  




 Ugh! So many exogenous factors to account for! Good luck :(  




 It's not really an achievement but this is the first 'newer' person in my life that I've told about it, and she didn't mind at all. I was scared of her reaction. It's the person I've ever told about it, only my parents and a few long time friends know about the person I used to be.  














 It's a question that I've been asking myself for a while, but for which I've been unable to find an answer by looking at the current research. It is my belief that whey-derived amino acids act like a 'double edged sword', due to their intimate relationship with metabolic hormones such as Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and  glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP). 

Whey-derived amino acids:

-Enhance insulin secretion, by increasing GLP-1- and GIP-induced production of entoendocrine cells;

-Increase cellular uptake rate of triglycerides in the adipocytes; 

-Suppress production of adenosine deaminase complexing protein 2, thereby further increasing entoendrocrine hormone activity. 

Yet, entoendocrine hormones also mediate glucose-dependent insulin secretion by increasing the pancreatic production rate of the glucagon hormone, which has been shown to reduce the stored glycogen rate of conversion to glucose (thus reducing blood glucose level), and which has also been shown to increase postprandial satiety via upstream interactions in the brain-liver neural axis upon meal initiation. 

However, I am unable to tell whether whey-derived amino acids actually mediate or increase glucose-dependent increases in insulin secretion and sensitivity, let alone to what extent. 

I was wondering if you guys had any thoughts on the subject, or any good papers that would help me fill the gaps in my current (and most likely partially flawed) thinking.  




 The scientific paper referred to can be found here:

Multigenerational Undernutrition Increases Susceptibility to Obesity and Diabetes that Is Not Reversed after Dietary Recuperation

http://www.cell.com/cell-metabolism/abstract/S1550-4131(15)00275-2 









 This is sort of a follow up to this [study](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092544391400088X), in which they found that palmitic acid induces podocyte apoptosis via hyper-activation of the mTORC1 pathway at the lysosomal level.  









 This is a follow up to this [study](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092544391400088X), in which they found that palmitic acid induces podocyte apoptosis via hyper-activation of the mTORC1 pathway at the lysosomal level.  














 Also, palmitic acid is the saturated fatty acid with the highest impact on the mTORC1 pathway. More info here:

[Fatty acids are novel nutrient factors to regulate mTORC1 lysosomal localization and apoptosis in podocytes](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092544391400088X) 




 Really well put together! Thank you for taking the time to write this up.  




 Well, the 'original' purely ketogenic diet was made for children with severe epilepsy, and not for fat loss. If such a diet allows one to reduce body weight, it only does so insofar as it also allows the person to consistently be at a daily caloric deficit, in my opinion. Also, interestingly enough, it's been shown that, in high endurance sport athletes who have switched to a purely ketogenic diet, fatty acid utilization while exercising is remarkably efficient, which means that these athletes might be able to use medium chain triglycerides in the same way that someone on a 'regular' diet would use fast-digesting carbohydrates.  









 Maybe, but definitely not in the context of fat loss. There is some research which suggests that insulin sensitivity is particularly accrued immediately following an intense physical effort, which has lead me to believe, for example, that high endurance athletes should consume complex carbohydrates most of the time, except immediately post-exercise. In general, though, I believe that, in the short run, fluctuations in insulin production are never going to be significant enough to make a noticeable difference unless you actually inject synthetic insulin into your system.  




 I agree, but in the research I've looked at, short term fluctuations in circulating levels of leptin are only affected by long monosaccharide chains, and not sugars or other nutrients. This is why it annoys me when people refer to refeed days as 'cheat days'. In my opinion, refeed days should be high in carbohydrates, moderate in proteins and low in fats, especially if the person is going above TDEE, since fat is always the first thing to be converted to triglycerides when there is an excess of nutrients.  




 **1) Virtually all nutrients can trigger physiological mechanisms that will result in nutrients ultimately being stored as fat.**

The 'system' in your body that is responsible for the proliferation of all tissue cells, including those of adipose and skeletal muscle tissues, is a multi-protein complex known as *mechanistic target of ramapycin complex 1* (mTORC1). mTORC1 commands all the complex bioprocesses that eventually result in the creation of new tissue in the human body. Its good functioning depends on five things: a) cellular energy (ATP, glucose); b) growth factors such as insulin and insulin-like growth factor 1 (igf-1); c) the essential branched chain amino acid (BCAA) leucine; d) the amino acid glutamine, which works synergystically with leucine by ensuring mTORC1 pathway leucine uptake; e) satturated fatty acids. 

So, as you can see, insulin is just one of five factors that can indirectly cause increased fat storage. 

**2) Carbohydrate is merely one of many nutrients that can increase the pancreatic rate of insulin secretion.**

Carbohydrates are, by nature, insulinogenic, because pancreatic secretion of growth factors is directly glucose-dependent: when there is insufficient cellular energy to carry out a physiological process, which could be literally anything, be it an intracellular transfer, an extracellular transfer, or a contraction of any kind, the body responds by producing insulin, which will transport the nutrients until they reach the biochemical pathway that will ultimately result in the beginning of the tricarboxylic acid cycle, from which ATP is mainly produced. 

Does that mean that insulin secretion is solely controlled by glucose inputs and outputs? No, not at all. In fact, amino acids, particularly the whey-derived ones, are also highly insulinogenic, and when you combine them with glucose or other short monosaccharide chains, you get foods that are at the top of the Insulinogenic Index, such as whole milk. One of the reasons for this is that whey-derived amino acids increase the production of metabolic hormones known as glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP). The main function of GLP-1 and GIP is to induce insulin secretion and increase insulin sensitivity in a glucose-dependent manner. This is important, because it means, simply put, that the more glucose is present in the bloodstream, and the more insulin will be secreted thanks to these enteroendocrine hormones. However, their role is also to mediate the effects of glucose, by decreasing glucagon secretion (which in turn decreases the stored glycogen rate of conversion to glucose) and by increasing postpandrial satiety. In other words, carbohydrates are not very insulinogenic on their own, but even when they act in synergistic manner with amino acids, the insulinotropic effects of the latter are still being mediated by feedback mechanisms. In conclusion, carbohydrates are certainly not the only nutrient to increase insulin production, but that is not necessarily a bad thing.

**3) Increased insulin secretion- and sensitivity-induced increases in adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides are mediated by cellular energy input**

This is by far the most important point. Insulin secretion, as well as the ingestion of any nutrient, can definitely result in increased fat storage. The mTORC1 pathway can and will cause nutrients to be stored as triglycerides in fat tissue, but whether it does or not depends almost exclusively on the amount of cellular energy available from nutrients at a given time. The mTORC1 pathway conversion of nutrients to adipocytes is comparatively inefficient, and unless given a unecessary large supply of energy, it will always convert them for other means instead. This is partly due to biomechanical reasons, but also because the production of fat cells beyond a certain point is actually viewed as harmful by the body; an increase in fat tissue also results in increased production of adipose-derived hormones, such as leptin, adiponectin and adipose tissue-specific secretory factor (ADSF). These hormones are needed in very small amounts for the body to function and can easily become harmful. For example, too much leptin, in the long run, creates a vicious circle of continuously and simultaneously increasing leptin and insulin resistances (which typically results in type 2 diabetes mellitus and other metabolic diseases); ADSF increases the production of low density lipoprotein cholesterols, which can cause heart disease; etc. In short, all the factors that cause tissue growth are cellular energy input-dependent, and thus, it's almost exclusively this factor that determines the type of growth you get, perhaps regardless of the metabolic effects of the other factors discussed. 
 




 **1) Virtually all nutrients can trigger physiological mechanisms that will result in nutrients ultimately being stored as fat.**

The 'system' in your body that is responsible for the proliferation of all tissue cells, including those of adipose and skeletal muscle tissues, is a multi-protein complex known as *mechanistic target of ramapycin complex 1* (mTORC1). mTORC1 commands all the complex bioprocesses that eventually result in the creation of new tissue in the human body. Its good functioning depends on five things: a) cellular energy (ATP, glucose); b) growth factors such as insulin and insulin-like growth factor 1 (igf-1); c) the essential branched chain amino acid (BCAA) leucine; d) the amino acid glutamine, which works synergystically with leucine by ensuring mTORC1 pathway leucine uptake; e) satturated fatty acids. 

So, as you can see, insulin is just one of five factors that can cause increased fat storage. 

**2) Carbohydrate is merely one of many nutrients that can increase the pancreatic rate of insulin secretion.**

Carbohydrates are, by nature, insulinogenic, because pancreatic secretion of growth factors is directly glucose-dependent: when there is insufficient cellular energy to carry out a physiological process, which could be literally anything, be it an intracellular transfer, an extracellular transfer, or a contraction of any kind, the body responds by producing insulin, which will transport the nutrients until they reach the biochemical pathway that will ultimately result in the beginning of the tricarboxylic acid cycle, from which ATP is mainly produced. 

Does that mean that insulin secretion is solely controlled by glucose inputs and outputs? No, not at all. In fact, amino acids, particularly the whey-derived ones, are also highly insulinogenic, and when you combine them with glucose or other short monosaccharide chains, you get foods that are at the top of the Insulinogenic Index, such as whole milk. One of the reasons for this is that whey-derived amino acids increase the production of metabolic hormones known as glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP). The main function of GLP-1 and GIP is to induce insulin secretion and increase insulin sensitivity in a glucose-dependent manner. This is important, because it means, simply put, that the more glucose is present in the bloodstream, and the more insulin will be secreted thanks to these enteroendocrine hormones. However, their role is also to mediate the effects of glucose, by decreasing glucagon secretion (which in turn decreases the stored glycogen rate of conversion to glucose) and by increasing satiety in the brain. In other words, carbohydrates are not very insulinogenic on their own, but even when they act in synergistic manner with amino acids, the insulinotropic effects of the latter are still being mediated by feedback mechanisms. In conclusion, carbohydrates are certainly not the only nutrient to increase insulin production, but that is not necessarily a bad thing.

**3) Increased insulin secretion- and sensitivity-induced increases in adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides are mediated by cellular energy input**

This is by far the most important point. Insulin secretion, as well as the ingestion of any nutrient, can definitely result in increased fat storage. The mTORC1 pathway can and will cause nutrients to be stored as triglycerides in fat tissue, but whether it does or not depends almost exclusively on the amount of cellular energy available from nutrients at a given time. The mTORC1 pathway conversion of nutrients to adipocytes is comparatively inefficient, and unless given a unecessary large supply of energy, it will always convert them for other means instead. This is partly due to biomechanical reasons, but also because the production of fat cells beyond a certain point is actually viewed as harmful by the body; an increase in fat tissue also results in increased production of adipose-derived hormones, such as leptin, adiponectin and adipose tissue-specific secretory factor (ADSF). These hormones are needed in very small amounts for the body to function and can easily become harmful. For example, too much leptin, in the long run, creates a vicious circle of continuously and simultaneously increasing leptin and insulin resistance (which typically results in type 2 diabetes mellitus and other metabolic diseases); ADSF increases the production of low density lipoprotein cholesterols, which can cause heart disease; etc. In short, all the factors that cause tissue growth are cellular energy input-dependent, and thus, it's almost exclusively this factor that determines the type of growth you get, perhaps regardless of the metabolic effects of the other factors discussed. 

 














 Interesting point. Thanks for sharing.  




 The problem with the GI is that it makes laypeople believe that only carbohydrates cause an increase an insulin secretion, which is far from true.  




 Probably. The increased insulin sensitivity is not due to waking up, but rather due to not eating for several hours, indeed.  




 Well, I don't think his advice is entirely wrong, but it is incredibly misguided and very ignorant. It's true that certain carbohydrate foods can lead to an increase in the adipose tissue cell proliferation rate, but only those which have a high insulinogenic index. And it's not just carbohydrates, it's also certain amino acids (particularly the whey-derived ones) and saturated fatty acids, that stimulate insulin secretion. Also, like I said, this net increase in glucose-dependent metabolic stimulation only matters insofar as it relates to how much energy your body has to work with. Ben Paluski missed out on two important things: 1) it's not just carbohydrate foods in particular that are highly insulinogenic; 2) increased insulin sensitivity is cellular energy input-mediated. Simply saying that you 'shouldn't eat carbs in the morning' is a very blatant misunderstanding of the actual biochemical principles of nutrition.  




 Well, there IS research suggesting that we are most insulin sensitive after a long period of fasting. This is important partly due to the impact of growth factors such as insulin and insulin-like growth factor 1 on the mechanistic target of ramapycin (mTOR), which is an important regulator of cell proliferation in humans.   However, the multi-protein complex that encompasses mTOR controls tissue growth based on the neural input from basically five factors, one being, like I said, the upstream neural input of various growth factors, but also, the most important one by far being the availability of cellular energy (ATP, glucose) from nutrients, in my opinion. I don't think Ben Paluski really knows what he's talking about.  




 The rectus abdominis muscle is made up of eight flat tendons that run across its length and which are interconnected by collagen tissues. Unless he was somehow born with extra tendons, which is a genetic abnormality that I have personally never seen, this is an 8 pack, not a 10 one. 

 




 There is no such thing as a ten pack. There is the tranverse and rectus abdominis muscles, and the internal and external obliques.  




 My understanding is that long periods of fasting create a favorable environment for the synergistic metabolic effects of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor 1 on skeletal muscle tissue. But like I said, there aren't too many in vivo studies that were done on human subjects.  




 I know a lot of research says it does, but it seems to be mostly in rodent subjects. 

In your experience, is it true? I have done intermittent fasting quite a bit, but I haven't tried it while intentionally overeating. 

Let's say you're on a daily caloric surplus for an extended period of time. Have you noticed that you seem to gain less adipose tissue while intermittent fasting than if you were overeating and eating in a more 'regular' pattern, that is, every 3-4 hours or so?

I'd like to hear the opinion of those who have tried intermittent fasting while intentionally overeating.  




 I know a lot of research says it does, but in your experience, is it true? I have done intermittent fasting quite a bit, but I haven't tried it while bulking.

Let's say you're on a caloric surplus. Have you noticed that you seem to gain less fat tissue while intermittent fasting than if you were bulking and eating normally, that is, every 3-4 hours or so?

I'd like to hear the opinion of those who have tried intermittent fasting while bulking.  




 When I was a kid, I was fat. And it's because I was ignorant: I had no idea how to eat, I didn't even know what a nutrient was. As I started gaining scientific knowledge, I lost the excess weight and my quality of life improved as a result.

The moral of this short story? People become overweight primarily because they are ignorant of nutritional science, and you don't eradicate ignorance with hatred and intolerance.

During the day, I work as an elementary school teacher, and I know by experience that, if you make kids shameful for giving the wrong answer, not only will they feel bad about themselves, which is a strong predictor of how they will continue to learn from there on, but they will also certainly not learn anything as a result. That's why, on the contrary, you not only encourage them, but also reassure them that there's nothing wrong with not knowing something. This way, they will actually learn what you're trying to teach and become better human beings as a result. 

I believe that this way of seeing things applies not only to kids, but also to human beings in general. Punishment might work for some people: for example, I initially started learning about nutrition because I was tired of being put on by others because of my physical appearance. But for most people, it doesn't. 

So, is it okay to look down on obesity as a state of being? Yes. Is it okay to blame society for not teaching people how to eat, for letting the food companies make money by abusing people's ignorance and at the expense of their own health? Yes. It is okay to blame our culture for generally encouraging over-consumption of highly caloric and sugar rich foods? Yes.

But what's NOT okay is to look down on the individual for being ignorant, for never having been taught by his/her entourage what he needed to know in order to not end up being the way he is right now. There is nothing good that comes out of blaming the person for being ignorant. 

So, when I see a person in that state of being that I despise, the only thing I feel for them, if anything, is compassion, because I know that I was lucky enough to be able to pull myself out of my own ignorance, and that they weren't. And, more importantly, I feel the need to help them.

I believe that the most effective way of eradicating widespread ignorance is the transmission of knowledge. Knowing is meaningless if you are the only one who knows, and the institutions in charge of our society refuse to take care of the malnutrition issue that plagues our society, so I believe that it is our duty, as those who have escaped obesity, to take care of it. And the conditions for effective knowledge transmission are created by being caring and compassionate, not by being spiteful and acting like you see the overweight person as a lesser human being. 

 





























 I wish I would have changed my mindset about food sooner. At first I was still eating those crappy food products such as pizza, ice cream, candy, etc, because I kept telling myself that I could 'reward' myself for respecting my target caloric intake most of the time. This didn't work very well, because my life was basically revolving about those short windows of food rewarding that would always leave me disappointed and frustrated.

Eventually, I just learned to not see foods as rewards, and I started finding other ways of rewarding myself instead, and this way I stopped eating these food products altogether. Now I just eat for basic survival and to maintain muscle mass, and not to reward myself, and my diet is mainly made up of lean meat, low insulinogenic dairies, vegetables, complex carbohydrate foods (oatmeal, sweet potatoes) and healthy fats. And I feel much better about myself.

 




 Nope, a lifter has to learn how to eat properly and reduce daily caloric intake.  




 I think it's problematic only because society in general is extremely ignorant when it comes to the biochemistry of nutrients, but I usually don't say this because I have no way of saying it without coming off as arrogant.  




 My obsession is not irrational, unlike what you seem to imply, because it's based on my current understanding on the biochemical principles behind the relationships between nutrition and the human body, and my eating habits change as new research is published and allows my understanding to evolve.  




 I study Human Nutrition, and I'm obsessed with physical appearance and general health due to being overweight as a kid and having self esteem issues because of it.

Due to that, I don't eat these things that a lot of people eat. I don't ever eat things like pizza, ice cream, candy, chips, etc. I am psychologically incapable of eating things that I don't see as nutritionally optimal, i.e richest in micro nutrients, with as little sugar as possible (unless I'm intentionally ingesting sugar after an intense physical effort), etc.

BUT I don't tell others, because I find that people judge me for it, or at least do not understand. I understand that not everyone wants to or can live this way, and that not everyone has spent years studying the science behind food and physiology, but we should be able to live how we please right? Yet, I often find people judging how I've chosen to live my life.  Can anyone relate?  




 Irrelevant.  




 Agree/disagree?  




 I mean, I don't believe every stat I see, but some of them say that 60%+ of U.S adults are overweight and that 30%+ are obese. Some stats also predict that 70% of the world population will be overweight by 2020. On the other hand, I sure haven't seen any stats about the rates going down.

This in spite of the fact of society's efforts to counter obesity, which has now been recognized by major governing bodies as one of the most important issues the world is facing in the 21st century, and which is now the leading preventable cause of death in the developed world.

Clearly, these efforts aren't working. People are still overeating. The obesity rates are still going up. People are still getting fatter and dying because of it. I know this is without a doubt an incredibly complex issue with environmental and cultural roots, but I'd be interested to hear what you guys and girls think, as people who either are or were actively losing weight at some point.  









 Very true. Art is lasting beauty! Cheers to you and the awesome changes you made my friend! 




 Awesome! Congratulations to you, and don't listen to the ignorance of the jealous who can only dream of having the determination to accomplish as much as you. These people aren't worth your time! 




 Sugar free oatmeal. Dried beans. Cooked lean chicken. Low sugar peanut butter. Collard greens. Etc.  




 For me, it was a really difficult and tedious process that took many years. Even when I started counting calories and eating better, my thought process was still 'Oh! I've lost 10 pounds, which means I can have a pizza and cake day!' or 'I just ran 10km, I can eat whatever I want tonight and it'll be fine'. And while my eating was healthier most of the time, on these days I would really lose it sometimes and eat way too much and way too many things that I knew I wasn't supposed to. But, even though it wasn't rational to do that, that's something that took me a while to realize. And after that, it took me even more time to actually start rewarding myself with things that were not food, like buying a nice piece of clothing, a new video game that I'd been looking forward to playing or doing something crazy awesome with some friends.

I think what partly made it possible for me to change is, I came to realize that food had no inherent value besides, at the most fundamental level, allowing you to survive. And that, maybe, just maybe, it wasn't meant to be used for anything else (besides for surviving and maintaining health) and that society had been wrong for teaching people to reward themselves with food. It seems our entire society revolves around that. When people want to go out and have a nice time, they eat. When people are stressed, bored or sad, they eat. When people want to watch a movie, they want to eat along. Hell, even funerals have 'comforting' foods where people eat their sadness away. Maybe it's part of the problem? I don't know for sure, but for me it most definitely was, and I had to experience a drastic shift in perception and thinking before I could stop being stuck in a vicious pattern of eating to feel better and being dependent on highly rewarding food products that were bad for my body in a lot of ways.  




 Don't wanna be the Devil's advocate, but if you maintain a strict diet caloric intake wise and don't over-eat certain micro nutrients and food additives (such as sodium and 0 calorie sweeteners), then your weight should either never go up at all or do so very little. It might not go down for a while, but it shouldn't go up too much unless you overeat. In the past I used to have 'bingy' days sometimes and on those days my weight would go up quite a bit (by like 5 lb), and I knew that it was always temporary and that it wouldn't affect my weight loss in the long run, but to me it was still a sign that I had been doing something wrong. Since I've kept myself from over-eating and maintained a strict diet, my weight has not always gone done, but it has never ever gone up.   




 Same diet as usual. Had oatmeal with egg whites and walnuts in the morning, salmon with sweet potatoes and kale at noon, and chicken with spinach and sweet potatoes at night. Stayed within my target caloric intake, didn't workout because it was a rest day for me. I went bowling with a bunch of friends and had a great time. It was an awesome day! :)  




 You don't need to exercise in order to lose weight. It might help, but exercising is mainly to improve cardiovascular endurance and muscular strength and mass (both of which are also very important for overall health, like having a healthy weight). Like you said, losing weight is primarily eating less. However, to maintain overall health and avoiding losing muscular mass (which is unhealthy) as opposed to fat, you need to eat a balanced diet of proteins, carbohydrates and fats. The amounts don't matter too much, as long as all three are present in decent amounts. You could also stop eating carbohydrates altogether and rely on fat as a source of energy, but it's not necessary for weight loss. 

Personally, when I'm losing weight, I prefer to rely on a few staple foods that are healthy and keep me hunger free: lean meat for proteins and/or some fats(chicken, fish, seafood), vegetables with a high micro nutrient density (collard green, kale, spinach), healthy sources of complex carbohydrates (natural oatmeal, sweet potatoes) and healthy sources of fat (walnuts, natural peanut butter, avocado). I don't really eat anything else, because I don't think it's necessary for optimal nutrition. 

I also try to avoid sugar altogether, because it influences insulin levels and therefore hunger as well. However, fruits that are low in sugar and rich in dietary fibers (such as blueberries and raspberries) are perfectly fine in my opinion.  




 For those of you guys and girls who don't know, erythritol is a sugar alcohol, meaning it tastes like sugar but has 0 calories. The reason for this is that it's not metabolized at all! The human body doesn't have the enzymes to transform it into energy, so it goes through the digestive system and then straight to the urea cycle where it gets excreted out as urine, it doesn't ever reach the metabolic pathways.

I put it in my coffees and my cooked oatmeal, it adds a lot of taste to an otherwise very blunt diet (when I'm leaning up I only eat oatmeal, lean meat (fish, chicken and sea food), eggs, veggies, walnuts and sugar free peanut butter), and it's absolutely free of calories! And even better, some research has shown that it doesn't cause any damage to your teeth unlike sugar, since it's not anything that bacteria can use to thrive! In other words, it's the best thing!  




 I understand how you feel. As someone who studies in a nutrition related field and used to be overweight as a kid and teenager, I don't discuss my weight loss journey with anyone because I find people to be obnoxious and extremely ignorant.  




 This is not surprising to me, given that highly insulinogenic foods are well known to stimulate GIP and GLP-1 secretion of K and L cells in the mTORC1 pathway. 



















 Reading those imgur comments is giving me cancer.  









 This is an absolutely fascinating research summary-style paper. OP, thank you.  














 Ok. Thanks!  




 Am I saying that you need to eat meat protein in order to lose weight and dairy protein to gain weight? Nope. In fact, you can probably lose weight on a diet of dairy and vice versa. But my belief is that, if you're looking to optimize your nutritional choices for more efficient results, then these factors definitely matter. In someone with metabolic syndrome, simply reducing daily caloric intake will make a world of difference... But in a highly trained athlete with already near-optimal body composition, then I would say that nutritional choices can make a difference, although I could be wrong. Only time will tell, because, although the physical target of ramapycin has been known for over a decade now, the research on the subject is still fairly recent.  




 Yes, but milk creates a great insulin response for the simple reason that it's hydrolized extremely quickly. To quote a research paper that explains better than I ever could myself:

'The insulinemic index of whole cows milk (14814) and skim milk (14013) is much higher than the glycemic indices of whole milk (425) and skim milk (379), repectively [53,54]. Fast hydrolysis and immediate intestinal absorption of insulinotropic amino acids of the whey protein fraction of cows milk raise insulin levels to much higher magnitudes than intestinal digestion of structural proteins such as beef (insulinemic index: 51) [53,54]. The major insulinotropic protein fraction of cows milk is the whey protein fraction [55]. Whey-derived leucine and other whey-derived amino acids stimulate glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1) secretion of enteroendocrine K- and L-cells, respectively [56-60]. Dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP-IV) activity is of critical importance for the biological activity and half-life of these incretins. Remarkably, milk protein-derived peptides have been shown to inhibit DPP-IV activity and thus increase incretin activity enhancing incretin-mediated insulin synthesis and secretion [61,62].' 




 This is a solid number of studies, and this is obviously extremely complex science that I don't pretend to fully understand, but a lot of the research that I've looked at discusses the idea that long term mTORC1 over-stimulation is associated with various diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cancer. Also, regular consumption of milk during pregnancy seems to also be associated with higher risk of those diseases in adult life in offspring, for reasons that I've already mentioned in the OP. What do you think of that?  




 In order to understand how tissues, including both adipose and muscular tissues, grow, one must understand how the mTORC1 pathway, the central hub of metabolism, functions. The mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) is a multi-protein structure that controls the proliferation and activation of virtually all molecules in the body, via processes such as lysosomal biogenesis, ribosomal biogenesis, autophagy (catabolism or cell death), etc. Simply put, the more the mTORC1 pathway is stimulated, and the more there is tissue growth.

There are five factors that activate the mTORC1 pathway:

-availability of cellular energy (ATP);

-availability of growth factors such as insulin and insulin-like growth factor 1 (igf-1)

-availability of essential branched chain amino acids (BCAAs), especially leucine (found mostly in dairy and high protein food products)

-availability of another amino acid, glutamine, which works synergistically with leucine by acting as a 'gatekeeper' that ensures mTORC1 pathway leucine uptake (also found in dairy)

-availability of satured fatty acids, especially palmitic acid (found mainly in certain oils and cake pastries).

If one wants to limit or maximize mTORC1 stimulation, for example to lose weight or gain muscle mass, then these factors must be controlled. This is mainly done through careful dieting, by controlling caloric intake, but also by controlling food choices as well. The saying 'calories in, calories out' is not entirely true, since different nutrients have a distinct impact on the human metabolism.

For example, milk is probably the most mTORC1 stimulating food that exists, since it is highly insulinogenic (since it's digested quickly), meaning that it causes the pancreas to secrete a lot of insulin and is therefore transported to the metabolic pathway at a relatively fast rate, and also because it is rich in leucine and glutamine. Furthermore, it has been shown that, in pregnant women, regular milk consumption causes the transfer of biologically active exosomal messenger RNAs, which increases the mTORC1 pathway's overall effectiveness in offspring. Milk should probably not be consumed by mostly sedentary people, and should only be used by athletes and breastfed babies.

Inversely, meat/animal protein is less insulinogenic than dairy protein, and contains less leucine and glutamine. In other words, in comparison, dairy protein creates a greater insulin response, and has an animo acid profile that is more conductive to igf-1 and calcineurin-NFAT signalling in regards to adipose and muscular tissues. Meat/animal protein should therefore be favored if one's goal is to lose weight, and vice versa.

 







































 I wonder to what extent that reduction in ribosome biogenesis could be mediated by increased mTORC1 pathway stimulation from diet.  














 That is very likely indeed.  




 Exactly.  




 In the article they discuss pasteurized milk specifically, but if you understand their justifications to any extent, then you also clearly understand that the problems they highlight also apply to milk consumption in general, not just to pasteurized milk.  







































 It never really slowed down, due to the fact that I continuously further reduced my caloric intake as I lost weight.  




 People have different standards of what looks 'good' or 'enough'. Don't mind what others say, it's about how you feel, about your own standards. For example, a lot of people will think that being slightly overweight or having fat-covered abs is okay. I personally don't, but to each his own opinion, so shoot for what makes you feel good about yourself.  




 I don't tell people that I was fat as a kid and teenager, because I'm extremely ashamed of it, even though it was not my fault that I was ignorant and that no one was there to teach me proper life habits.  




 https://www.facebook.com/derekweida/videos/911705428888433/?pnref=story

I was pleasantly surprised by this video. This guy is really entertaining, and I find everything he says to be quite true as well. 

Basically, his advice boil down to: 

-eat mostly lean meat, complex carbs and fruits and vegetables

-don't weight yourself everyday

-focus more on building strength and muscle in the gym, less on losing fat

-have fun losing weight and have a beer once in a while, it's about what you do most of the time

What do you guys and girls think?  




 22 subjects, not 2.  














 Technically, you don't need to eat anything. Humans are not born with the need to eat any food product in particular. We are born with the need to eat proteins, carbohydrates/fats, and vitamins and minerals. Both the various forms that these nutrient combinations take and our desire for them are social constructions, not actual nutritional needs.  




 Congratulations on your progress! :) But in the long run I would aim to get rid of this habit of having 'cheat meals' altogether. There is no need for that. You can make all your regular meals healthy and tasty and satisfying to eat all at the same time and thus have no need for such foods!! 




 Personally, I would feel either complimented or insulted depending on what I would perceive as their reasons for asking me that lol.  









 Over 30%, 6 years ago, when I was 15 year old. I'm 21 now.  




 Yes.  




 It's not about me. For the good of humanity, this thing simply shouldn't exist. I can't think of a positive reason for keeping it. It literally brings the worst out of humanity in every possible way.  









 I don't, but your body does need a relatively large supply of amino acids from foods in order for all of your physiological processes to function correctly. And decades of research have lead researchers to suggest that protein intake should be higher for people who exercise regularly, with 1.2 to 1.4g per kg of bodyweight being the numbers often being thrown around.  




 Yogurt and cheese are good, but not the healthiest options. Yogurt tends to be rich in sugar and therefore not very filling. Cheese is highly caloric and so you can only eat it in relatively small amounts. 'I don't like it' is not an excuse IMO, because tastes can be changed and expended over time.  




 Doing resistance training is healthy, it allows you to maintain the basic muscular mass and strength necessary to keep functioning well in your daily life, especially as you age. If you're not doing any, you should be IMO.  




 My bad for the eggs. And I'm not too sure where I mentioned beans lol? In fact, pretty sure I did not.  




 Yes of course. The equivalent would be 15-17% I think for a female. And thank you! 




 My assumption was that most people understood what each of these terms meant as well as the difference between the two. I might have been wrong. Thank you for this really clear and concise explanation.  




 About 30% of your protein intake should come from dietary proteins IMO, perhaps more if you do a lot of resistance training. Also, you must not have done a lot of research, because there are tons of non-meat foods that are rich in proteins... Dairy: Egg white, natural Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, etc.; vegetables: peas, spinach, brussels sprouts, asparagus, etc.; grain products: chia seeds (one of the world's healthiest foods IMHO), hemp seeds, pomegranate seeds, etc.; that's just a few examples of non-meat food products that are healthy AND rich in proteins and that you can easily make part of your daily diet.  




 This fat was very hard to get rid of. I got more or less stuck at around 10% body fat, as for a while I was struggling mentally to drop my caloric intake by another 100-150 calories. But I did it, and my lower abs finally show very clearly. Pretty sure I'm at 7-8% now! I know it might sound silly to some, but I am really happy, as that has been my goal for a while now.  




 That's interesting. I was asking, because I know of a few people who use GHRH off-label in combination with growth hormone secretagogues; they inject them subcutaneously multiple times a day (for example, in the morning before breakfast and at night before bed), because they believe that the two compounds work synergistically and have 'body-sculpting' effects (reduction in adipose tissue and increase in muscular tissue), but I have never seen the evidence for that in healthy adults.  




 Based on your study, would you say that, in healthy adult subjects, an increase in growth hormone secretion (induced, for example, by regular subcutaneous injection of an amino acid peptide hormone, such as growth hormone-releasing factor (GHRF)) would cause similar effects, that is, a significant increase in muscular tissue and reduction in adipose tissue?  









 Fact.  




 The pleasure is mine! Good luck to you! I'm sure that with the determination necessary, you will succeed! 




 I was only half serious there, but I think you got my point. Of course there are cases in which you shouldn't lose more weight. But I don't think that applies to the vast majority of people on this subreddit.  




