 The limit I think is like every 5 minutes, so if you just wait in between postings.  Could be wrong though.  But if I were you follow the advice of where to post, but post in order from largest to smallest subreddit. 




 I guess this question was spurred on because I have adhd and was looking for an app that could help me stay organized, focused and motivated.  There isn't any one app that does that, but there are several different apps that combined can do those things.  So while spending 1 to 5 dollars isn't a huge deal if you are buying several different apps and not sure if you will use them it starts to add up.  But my question was more why did it end up this way? 




 Let me rephrase I don't want to pay for an app before I know I would use it.  So say I find a 5 dollar app.  I don't want to spend the money if I decide I don't like it, which is why a trial period would be nice, or if I'm trying to determine between two similar apps. 




 Since this question encompasses both android and iOS, tablets and smartphones phones I thought it made sense to post here.

In the 90's and really before smartphones hit the market, the model for new software seemed to be offer a free one month trial and then you could buy it if you liked it.

Why is the mobile market so different?  Why instead of using ad revenue or a just buy it model isn't there more options to trial an app?  There are a lot of apps I'm interested in trying but don't want to pay for them to find out I don't like them.  Or if I'm trying to decide between two similar apps letting me try them so I can decide which one I like better.


This also doesn't seem really fair to developers who are either forced to offer it for free or make it have in app purchases so that people will actually download it.

Just curious if anyone has any insight here. 




 Plus iniesta is probably better than anything Real have for working in those tight spaces and setting up the attacks for msn. 




 I also do Airbnb so I do have other income streams but it gets much slower in November to April. 




 I am trying to do a startup and have freelance SEO be my income while working on the startup so i think i will be good about the other aspects of the job.  The one concern that you bring up repeatedly is getting paid.  Do you use some system for recurring payments? 




 You mind elaborating on how you charge them?  By the hour?  Monthly fee for ongoing SEO?  Or do you just do quoted projects for them?

Edit:  Also how do you get paid?  Do they mail you a check every month?  Or do you have some sort of automatic billing setup? 




 I am in the US.  But freelancing sites can offer income a lot sooner than building reputation around the area I live.  I don't disagree with what you are saying but I don't think I can afford to just try to build locally. 




 What up guys, I have been doing SEO for 4 fours and never really dived into the freelance world.  I am a bit burned out by my job and would like to work freelance.  I know of sites like Elance, but there seems to be a lot of competition on there from places like India.  How hard is it to get started freelancing and any suggestions on the best way to go about it?  And what kind of money can you make? 




 Don't make this about you 




 Well who can argue with such an unbiased source as the Orkin man.  It isn't as if they stand to profit in any way at all from misinformation.  I bet you believe pop tarts are part of a balanced breakfast based on their website too.  Do you think vitamin water is healthy too? 




 Ahahaha you sound like a real piece of work  




 Nope I'm not, I just don't freak out about small things like op is talking about. 




 Three cockroaches isn't bullshit conditions its three cockroaches.  You need to roll with the punches on Airbnb. You get what you pay for and that's a much cheaper alternative to hotels that won't be to the same professional standards.  I live in a house built in 1899 I sometimes have mice, I clean it and take care of it but shit happens. 




 Your holier than thou attitude in this whole thread is extremely off putting, you sound like a real peach. 




 Eh fuck off.  I stayed in a hotel in Mexico that had lizards in the room.  Did I freak out?  No it's fucking Mexico.  




