




 I have that same keyboard, and I hate it... 




 Oh fuck. I really hate you for this theory... Now I'm sad. 




 It's hard to stress that this is not a normal occurance. I live in Nevada, a pretty leniant state, I also own an AR, but I would NEVER in my life go and waltz into the nearest Wal-Mart with it, because I don't enjoy scaring people. Also, I've never seen anyone carrying more than a handgun because its just stupid. 




 [Question]: Is it possible to turn off transactions for steam? I've noticed just now that any game, dlc, etc, does not display a price any more and cannot be seen. I assume a friend of mine did this as a joke but they wont fess up to it, could anyone help me possibly undo this?

[Platform]: PC

Picture: http://imgur.com/pfV5TvM

Turns out this may be a bug with steam currently, as I looked through this subreddit and some people very recently are having the exact same issue. So it isn't just me. 




 That is insane. Glad our nukes were safely secured! 









 I don't know a lot about the rules, but couldn't you have what you do now, with the video embedded where the picture of the thumbnail is now? 




 Its 4 am, I didnt check what I opened, and i just jumped about ten fucking feet back. Fuck you OP! 




 I thought seeing that movie was one of the security questions to sign up?!? 




 That took me a second hahahaha 




 I've heard Del-Ton was a pretty reliable compay, and was considering buying from them. Do you think this is an isolated case, or a problem they almost always see? 




 Sorry for being that guy. 

They're

FTFY 




 Aw man, this story was fantastic. Really great job on this one! 




 Holy crap, that soon!?!? just made my week! 




 Are you willing to give us any actual timeframe on the release of the next case file? If not I understand, no pressure! 




 Fuck you OP. You can just stop right there and never write a goddamn word about these ants again. I was just peacefully sitting on my couch reading, but no, now I'm searching my house for any evidence of ants.

For the record this is even creepier to me as only a few months ago i woke up in the middle of the night to a large group of ants crawling on me, my clothes, and my bed. 




 I always put canadian roundels over my british roundels, it isnt noticeable if you do it right (most of the time)

I'm also not canadian I don't know why I do this. 




 Well good job on your finals. I'm dreading mine 




 As a NATO player finally branching out from just playing USA/NORAD, what coalition would you guys suggest? So far i'm leaning towards either Eurocorps or Scandinavia. I played Airborne as the US, but I feel like i've played enough to manage any deck type.

Also, I generally play with a friend that uses a Commonwealth Mechanized deck, so If my coalition/deck type could help seamlessly work with his that'd be great!

Note: I'm not asking anyone to make me a deck, I would just like some advice on what coalition + type to select. 




