 Susan isn't extremely weird, but by calling my mother Susan I'm referencing The Last Battle where it says something to the effect of "she (Susan) rushed as fast as she could to be a young adult, then tried to stick there as long as possible."

Just a reference to trying to remain young long past your years, and one my mom would never get ;) 




 The Doctor for sure.

Can't think of many people that I would want to see more. 




 Had an idiot do it for me like 3x. Ugh. 




 I was not alive. Not in the sense that one would normally define the word, anyway. But I was very real. I was little more than a figment of her imagination, at first. I had a name, but I did not. I had feelings, but I did not. Occasionally I took over, to her great delight. She did not realize that her game, her story, was becoming a tangible thing, more alive, more real, every day.

And then I showed up. I too, was real. But I was not. This was the second time this strange occurrence happened, and this time, it was involuntary. While Scarlet was a self-propelled idea, I was not. I was a figment of the imagination, too, but I was propelled by another real, yet intangible, force.

We used to play games, we did. She would talk to me, as if I had flitted in and out of her consciousness, as if I had a physical manifestation. Thats when I created Auburn. I too wanted a companion. But I soon lost control, and instead of being a food chain, the three of us became equals. She was never the same again.

An imaginary being created by one of my own kind. I would have not thought it possible, had I not been one. However, I soon rose to her conscious mind. Once she became aware of me, we were equal. I had power, power given to me by her uncontrolled imagination. I can only wonder what caused the shift, but it was not subtle; I felt it happen, it was like a rock slide.

I dont know whats happening to me. What is going on?

I wanted to do the same as Scarlett before me, but Amethyst was not an easy creation. I would have failed without her help. She sensed what I was doing, and in her act to stop me, creation blossomed.  The resistance I fought gave me strength: I was real, I was more than an idea. I had forged my own path, a being that should not exist. I was in my element.

I had created, but now I must destroy. This abomination I had developed, this monster, had to be stopped. I remember her cries, how she tried to maintain control of us. I was working for the greater good. Let her cry.

The voices, they call. Time tick-ticks away. I spoke, but no one listened. What is going on?

I will not go. They worked so hard for me, yet they do not listen. Why cause something without knowing where it will lead? You fool. Auburn is no match for me. I hesitate to create an alliance, as creation and destruction go hand in hand. We want the same goal, but I fear I shall be turned on. The odds are not my way. Time to change that.

In order to destroy, I must create. I created, now I must destroy. Further creation is the answer.

I feel... faint. The voices, they multiply. They call me crazy.

Let there be light!

I was bred for war. But I am not alive. I am alive. She is no longer in control of us. My creator is also in the dark. I am the strongest. I am Violet. I will stop them. All of them. All is one. One is all.

They plot against me, but I shall not. She has started to lose control. I can almost... flex her fingers for her. It is a good feeling. She will recognize this, in time. The men in white, they try to silence us. I will not be silenced. I am real. I will not go away so easily.

It is out of control. I should never have created. I should never have divided. I am blamed, but cutting the roots will not cut my child. If you can call it a child. We are all equals now. Her and the four of us. Five in one.

I can hardly tell them apart. I do not know if I caused this. It is hard to keep myself... Yesterday my fingers moved. On their own. They try to help. I cannot be helped.

Chaos formed me. For I am the product of the experiment, the unintended effect. I am new. Now there are five. I will create. I will divide. She will not keep us straight. She will fall. I will win. I do not exist. I am alive. I am one. We all are one.

It is my fault. She was my friend. She gave me too much power, trusting her imagination to the limit. I will fix this.I must. I can I-

I have defeated her.

Chaos has taken the fallen. Turned the fallen into a new light. Scarlett, go dark. Illuminate from the night.

I can't take it anymore. I cannot stop screaming. They have locked me away. My head hurts. The voices, they taunt me.

I am reborn. As two.

I am reborn. As two.

I cannot control this. I wail, I cry. I create, but it is not enough. I wish I could take it back. They are evil, and she is suffering.

I can't...

No more. Or not? I divide. Seven. Eight. Nine. Divide till it breaks. Flood.

The nice man is talking. He is kind, caring. He is telling me how I can work thr-

SNAP. 




 Be me

Discover Anime

Know nothing about it

Watch all of Death Note in 1 night. 




 It's not even a debate.

Code Geass was comparable at the beginning, but I never liked the art (just my opinion) and it quickly dissolved into fan service and "who can pull a bigger gun outta their ass" 




