 If it creates a story in your head then I've done my job! 




 Glad to hear that :) thank you! 




 Soak part of the palette in water and then dab in some white paint so it gets nice and dilute. And then use less and less dilute paint to get a nice face into pure bright white. Helps to use a soft bushy brush 




 Thanks man glad you like it! 




 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 I like the way you die, boy 




 False. Studies show that 100% of crab rangoons are at least awesome. 




 This fucking guy, man. This fucking guy. 




 Or me :( 




 I use jacquard. I'm new to screen printing but I expose it to sunlight for 30 seconds and it transfers almost exactly what is on the transparency sheet. Only complaint is that they did not send me enough sensitizer so I had to order an additional sensitizer bottle. 




 Normally I'd judge but this time I'll allow it 




 Gonna go ahead and say she made the right choice 




 Road trip. Next question. 




 Heather Graham 




 Cute kitten and all but the real question is which character does she pick in smash bros 




 Lady Gaga played to almost no one at Lollapalooza on one of the side stages. 2 or 3 years later she was headlining! 




 Thread closed. This guy nailed it 




 I'm not a girl I'm a guy. And yeah i realize it's an unpopular opinion but I guess I'm just old fashioned about dating :p if I like you enough to ask you out then I like you enough to cover the dinner. 




 You got me there haha. XKCD always one step ahead... 




 You tell your mates too you fuck. You tell them that we are smarter than we seem. 




 I edited my comment 




 He's your boyfriend though! I'm sure he payed for the first few dates which is more what I was referring to 




 Phones are one thing. But now people are bringing ipads to events? Come on... 




 You are 100% correct and I am absolutely going to do the same thing for mine. Good on you 




 My cousin got married last month and half the people there watched her say "I do" through the screen of their iphones. Youre never going to look at that shit. Just put the camera away and focus on having a good time. 




 I kind of like it 




 That little red 100 symbol is on every single girl's "recent" emoji tab 




 Because they look comfy as fuck 




 Dude is definitely a bird and he's just trying to deny it so that he fits in here. Classic bird move. 




 I guess I mean know what you want, when you need it, and what you're willing to pay for it. I feel like most people think they can take advantage of artists by being vague. 




 You can frame it normally if you want. its just personal preference. Thanks man glad you like it! 




 1 more coming up in the next few days 




 The feeling of someone recognizing your work is indescribably amazing :) thanks man 




 I tried to measure it but my attention span doesn't allow for perfection :p 




 That's what I like to hear :) thanks man 




 People asking for commissions have been nothing but flaky so far but I'd definitely consider a serious offer! 




 That's a compliment to me. Means the painting struck you somehow. Thanks :) 




 New to the sub and I must say I love it!

http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 Because he's clean and sober 




 Their hitchhiker page was amazing. And the harlequin shrimp one was what got me into keeping harlies 




 You can use whatever color you want 




 All the comments outlining how theyd go about killing tribesmen with a gun are so cringeworthy. It's amazing that some people aren't choked to death by the size of their own neckbeards. 




 This is awesome. I wish you could remove the canvas texture and just have smooth colors 




 He's not responding to you he's supplementing your comment. "Hope this helps" was directed at OP 




 Your tank is the hotel california 




 Looks like a jewel scarab (genus chrysina) maybe? Very cool 




 I enjoyed reading it 




 Because he's an arrogant prick and he's keeping me from watching my YouTube video 




 That doesn't count. Nobody likes that fuck. 




 that is because clams don't make pearls :) 




 I see some bears some ogres and an arcanine 




 Oxygen depletes so fast in sw too. Power outages are a nightmare 




 "Your baby should be finished by now bro it's time to come back to work." 




 VW driver. Can confirm I drive like a tool. 




 I carry my old mats in my trunk so that if it rains I won't get the nice new ones all wet and dirty. I thought *that* was a bit silly until I saw this. 




 It's not possible to love a car too much but it's possible to go overboard with displaying your love 




 :( if this is true I'm glad I was born sooner rather than later 




 The harvest God was creepy as shit too 




 You can kid without your kidney but you cant live without your liver. Now go get me a beer. 




 100% of my opinions are true IMO 




 Every single time I get in my car it's an awesome moment. Stick just never gets old. 27k miles in 2 years :) 




 As a Boston terrier owner I have to say I'm glad she didn't :) 




 I feel like 99% about what non-lifters believe about fitness is complete bullshit. 




 Did you climb it? OP please tell me you climbed it. 




 When the sun rises in the west 




 I think when you apply for American citizenship one of the questions on the sheet should be "do you like the challenger" 




 She should give it to some random guy at a bar 




 Definitely tunicates. You should poke them and post a video I'm curious if they shrivel up the same way as solitary tunicates 




 German girls 3 




 Lonestar 




 I will never understand how every single comment is about how shitty the post is but somehow it still makes it to the front page 




 No I'm done feeding your self-righteousness. 




 Here's an example of entitlement for you. Graduating and immediately getting a job. Don't even try to pretend that we have it easy. 




 Yeah because your generation wasn't exactly the same way. The 60s 70s and 80s were oh so classy and selfless 




 This is your tank on drugs 




 Non Americans don't have boogers 




 Think about how when you're really drunk you want to stay awake and keep having fun. You don't want to go to sleep but it's so easy and feels so good to just kind of slip away. I imagine death as being similar to that. Why should I waste life being afraid of something that's easy. 




 I had a porcelain crab that hosted a green star colony. Hed rub his butt in them and use his claws to pull them up around his face.  It was weirdly adorable to watch 




 Dude was HAND STITCHING the leather  




 With that attitude you DEFINITELY wont 




 The universe's vagina. Such a sight to behold! 




 I had a beautiful reef lobster who I was worried about putting in with my eel but he was so much bigger that I thought there's no way anything could happen. Until he got bitten clear in half. Don't feel bad OP there are just some things you dont foresee. 




 I used to make aluminum wallets out of soda cans. They were cool but they fuck your jeans up pretty fast 




 Seems like it's always ugly girls trying to flirt with you that do this. 




 False. I thoroughly enjoyed the attention I got as a male bartender. 




 Stress relief part 1. I show this episode to everyone who's never seen the show. Fucking amazing 




 Mandolin tax fulfilled 




 No for me it's because the newer labels make it look cleaner and less like a shitty beer. When I see blue and silver cans/labels I think "shitty beer."

I still don't buy it but it looks way more appealing. 




 We can't tell if you're being sarcastic 




 (    )

sorry what 




 Freshwater shrimp are so stubby and adorable 




 RIP circuzninja 




 Doesn't this noob know that logic isn't welcome here? 




 Does that not tighten by itself? Serious question 




 Dats un awesome looking car 




 If Garfield ate only the house his head would be on the outside and John would be in his stomach 




 Reminds me of an old couple sitting in lawn chairs at the beach 




 It's my all time top comment :p just one word 




 I'm 24 and I plan to be senile by 40 so they had better hurry up. 




 http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141108002016/spongebob/images/5/50/Tumblr_luj53x1hDB1r10maf.png 




 As is his username 




 I was thinking of doing a screen print of that. Maybe gold on black with some cocky hashtag on the back 




 As would my 23 - 25 year old friends :p

Thanks! 




 What if in the alternate reality it's me in the garbage 




