 Besides the first one, I've seen that one a few times.  




 Where's Lord of the Rings?  




 Lord of the Rings is perfect hungover.  




 Storm of the Century  




 1. Titanic
2. Lord of the Rings
3. Armageddon
4. The Village
5. Jurassic Park 




 28 Days Later, my friend just said it was just like The Walking Dead, couldn't get past that.  




 It's really good if you've got 4 hours to spare...I believe it's on YouTube.  




 Support a post in and attempt to gain more subscribers!  




 The Ring  




 Titanic and still enjoy it every time  




 The end when everything resolves and they've all been through so much and Aragorn is king. The music and beauty of it makes me smile.  




 Lord of the Rings 




 Yes! 




 Tragedy strikes two lovers on the open sea.  




 Do you watch Lord of the Rings very often these days? And what is your opinion of the films? What are your favorite scenes? 

Huge fan of your acting and activism! Thanks for being the greatest Gandalf ever!  




 Panic Room, when she leaves the room to reach for the cell phone under the bed. Still is so intense!  









 I wanna know too... I know the song is I Started A Joke, but who's it by is the question.  




 Anyone know the correct title for this version of the song?  




 Lord of the Rings 




 The Princess Bride, just haven't gotten around to watching it.  




 Just something to ponder.  




 I think it's gonna be really good.  




 Like Jurassic World was best at being just okay, what are some other ones??  




 Liv Tyler has a beautiful voice.  




 What does that mean? 




 What does going dark mean? 




 I'm wondering why my posts on these subreddits were deleted. Has this happened to anyone else? It says I'm not allowed to post there anymore....what does this mean?  




 Lord of the Rings 




 Big movies and music are now being regulated by the government to push for transparency, obedience, conformity, honesty, and science rather than entertainment or myth. No more Lady Gaga extravaganza.

Science fiction movies are now rooted in reality (tomorrowland, Jurassic world) because science fiction isn't something that's real, and they want to get away from not real, superpowers, myth, fantasy. And make things more science, Big Hero Six, The Martian.  

Celebrities are suddenly becoming political to make the world think politically correct about issues. 

Movies and music are getting away from the extraordinary and focusing on small things, the ordinary.  




 Bug (2006) 




