 Hell if you're into swords check out Iaido. Not really solid self defence unless your local dojo also teaches aikido but its a lot of fun. Plus, well, swords. 




 I'd certainly check out Aikido. It does have a very strong 'pacifist' structure. BUT you should look into particular schools philosophies. Some schools focus more on spiritual development and some are very martial. I practice Iaido at an aikido school and from what I understand our aikido is a balance of the two with a bias towards the martial side. Different schools will yield a slightly different art. In the end you need to talk with several instructors at several schools and decide what it is you resonate with. 









 Double Dare 2000 




 Cometely agree. Its actually how I found numenera. I remember playing torment over and over again in the early '00s and even as recently as '12. Out of curiosity I decided to look it IP and see if there were any sequels planned. Bam -numenera 




 Anyone else expecting Kevin Costner to come and steal someone's dirt? 




 Thanks for this post. 




 Grew up in rural New Hampshire . There isn't much going on around town so there is lot of dumb shit you can do to get yourself in trouble.  




 I can't really agree with you on the orientalism/racism thing. Samurai are essentially on par with cowboys here in the US. Its just a romanticised class much like knights in Europe 500 years ago.  All three had incredible virtues associated with their class but in reality they were human and thus prone to error at best and committed horrible atrocities at worst. Hell between 1845 and 1855 somewhere around 80,000 native Americans disappeared from the pacific region, especially California but we all still grew up loving John Wayne much like others grew up loving Kurosawa films. 




 You sir, are a gentleman and a scholar. 




 Whoa thea bub! Watch what you be sayin about my Moxie! But for real I think I am the only person in Portland who actually enjoys the stuff.  




 There often times are. It was optional in my highschool but we had a class called "Street Law" that was essentially about legal proceedings, how the law works, ways to keep yourself out of trouble, etc. 




 Can confirm - Am Mainer. Most of our news is centered on local moose jousting tournaments and maple tap thefts.

Edit: and I guess there is our batshit governor too... 




 This is pretty close to correct. Most concussions actually occur through falling and are unrelated to helmets. Essentially your brain moves inside of your cerebrum and slams into the inner walls. Its like slamming on the breaks in your car. Any fast motion with a sudden stop yield potential for a concussion. Bad juju for the developing brain 




 Flossing... Go ahead, tell your dentist that you do. They know we only do it when we have a cleaning. 




 Science does not prove anything outside of mathematics. Source: am scientist.

To be honest I support legalization in Maine even though i do not use. I have to say, however, that your post claims "facts" and cites no sources. An "American study" isn't a source. Also presenting a barrage of statistics isn't going to propel your argument. You need to describe your statistics and tell us why they matter without the standard political/infomercial sensationalism.

 You are trying to change something in a political fashion. Your best shot is to change the way its done. By presenting us with "facts" that "scientists proved" you are immediately losing anyone with experience in the sciences or expertise in logical/analytical fields. All that does is tell us that your agenda is just as groundless as you claim your opposition is. By citing actual sources that you've investigated and explaining the **context** of your statistics as well as ditching the sensational rhetoric you'll actually make a much stronger argument that won't only sound, but will be more legitimate.

Again, I don't disagree with you and I am not trying to be a dick, I just feel that if you want to see this change than you need to play a different song than the rest of the media and political sphere else you get lost in the noise.
  




 We have a minimum time requirement (ex 300 hrs tracked class attendance plus your own practice time) for each kyu or dan before you can test for the next level. Tests are held once or twice a year at seminars and are graded by our federations technical director. If you don't pass, oh well. That just means you put some more work in and retest. Improve, learn, and  do better next time. I'd hate to pass on a curve or because the rest of the group did. Maybe instructors have good reasons for it and maybe it works for some people. I understand your frustration but measure your own successes against your own shortcomings and try not to pay attention to the color of your belt as long as it is sweaty. 




 I know that feel... 




 Thanks. 




 A lot of Stephen Kings stuff is righteously fucked up when you start getting to the short stories. Check out Rage if you can find it. Its written under his pseudonym. 

Edit: its up on YouTube 




 [Kel has orange soda too](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view6/2429821/kel-loves-orange-soda-o.gif). It's a joke from an American sketch comedy kids show in the mid 90's called All That. 




 Nah, jenny said they just met for some kisses 




 Hands down the best audio book I've listened to. Enjoy! 




 Its alright. We don't have a Good Burger either. But we do have orange soda... 




 I agree with all three points entirely. He certainly does have great form. I've just always been taught to keep back straight with weight centered. It's always really cool to see all of the differences between different practices and schools. I wouldn't say one is more valid than the other; just different.

Speaking of which - That tsuka is huge! I have seen some schools lean towards longer tsukas. We have a Toshindo dojo in my city that does a lot of sword practice and they all have extremely long tsuka from what I can tell (Toshindo and their sword practice is a different discussion entirely). Almost seems like it'd be obstructive, but Mr. Threadgill makes it work; impressive.   









 How have I been pandered? Though I think he should be removed from office (Which is actually being discussed in Maine) for the stunts he pulls, I have to admit that he is very straight forward with his political intentions and is no B.S about his views. He said he'd veto every thing that came across his desk regarding the state budget and did exactly that. He even admitted that it was just to waste everyone's time like "they wasted his". He's a joke of a politician and an embarrassment to the state but at least he doesn't try to snow anyone about what he plans to do. I did say that in any other situation, not regarding his political intentions and motivations, he should just not speak. Next time please read the comment you reply to before contributing so wonderfully.

Edit: removed unnecessary comment; no need for me to be a dick 




 I expect Scott Stapp to play a seven foot Russian. Or at least have a cameo as a drunk log in a training montage. 




 Love the Bier Cellar. I went in for advice and left with them hand picking 50 beers for my dads 50th birthday. All based on his favorite beers and foods with some new things to try. They were awesome and completely non-pretentious.

Also how is the thirsty pigs food? I've been in portland for four years and still haven't stopped in. Every time I try to go I end up across the street at Novare. 




