 Being a horror author its rare that I have a true story that can compare to the fiction that I write. This one may be stranger than fiction, though.

When I was growing up, we didnt have the internet or computer games to while away our time. As kids, we actually played with each other, and played gasp outside! No, thats not the horrible part. Youll have to wait for it. Anyway I had a lot of friends around the neighborhood, most of which I also attended school with. Ill have to admit, though, that it was probably atypical for not one, but two of my good friends to be the sons of funeral directors.

In order to maintain a sense of professionalism, I wont use their real names, but Ill call them Matt Smith and Brian Jones. Matt lived with his family at Smith   Sons Funeral Home, and Brian with his divorced father at Jones-Johnson Funeral Home.

Early in our relationships, I asked my friends why their families lived in funeral homes, of all places. Couldnt they live somewhere else, and their fathers just go into work like normal people. Matt said that Ohio law stated that someone had to be present in the mortuary at all times. I guess that in the old days, it was a measure taken to prevent body snatchers and other criminal types who would use corpses for, er other less savory reasons.

Brians father said that for him, it was just easier. Being a funeral director is a 24/7 job. People dont seem to want to cooperate and only die during regular business hours. Hospitals, morgues, and families would call at all hours for bodies to be picked up. It was sort of like an ambulance service, and someone had to be available around the clock.

Nevertheless, since we all played together there ultimately came a time when we played over their houses. Thats right  in the funeral homes. We usually stuck to the rooms upstairs where their families lived, but when there were no visiting hours being held, we were allowed to play in the large rooms downstairs where bodies would usually be laid out. It was sort of cool to have all of that space.

Naturally, when we hit the age of ten or so, we got curious (and mischievous) and asked Matt and Brian if we could actually see some dead bodies. Both of them had been exposed to the sight of dead bodies, and even watched their dads embalming corpses, since they had been really young, so it was no thrill for them. But it was for the rest of us. At first, this meant slipping into the viewing rooms between visiting hours when bodies were laid out for viewing.

Eventually, though, we just had to see the mortuary where the corpses were stored and the embalming was done. So in due course, we snuck down into the basements of both homes to check out the mortuaries.

Surprisingly, we discovered a lot of funny things about how corpses were treated. Funeral directors see so many dead bodies that they come to realize them for what they are: objects. Empty shells, dead meat. If there is a spirit or soul, its gone by the time the get the body in front of them. Their job is to pretty it up for the families and then get it into the ground before it starts to stink.

Not all bodies are embalmed. In fact, most are not. If there is no health reason, the body is not being transported out of state, and the body will be buried within ten days, then embalming is not required. Its not even encouraged, as its not very environmentally friendly.

Just a quick primer on the embalming process, for those who are unaware of what it entails: Typically, the embalmer (Matts dad or brother, or Brians dad) suits up in personal protective equipment - a gown, apron, shoe covers, gloves etc. - and evaluates the person to decide how to proceed. Every case is different and requires a special combination of fluids, which are mixed according to the height, weight and physical conditions of the deceased.

Setting the features involves closing the eyes and mouth and placing cotton in the mouth to give the person a more natural expression. Next, the arms, legs and fingers are gently flexed to relieve the muscle tension or stiffness of rigor mortis. The body is washed and the genitals are covered out of modesty and respect.

Typically, they use a scalpel to make a small incision near the right collarbone. From there, incisions are made in the carotid artery and jugular vein. Tubes are placed in the artery (one is directed towards the heart, while the other is directed towards the head). A drain tube is placed in the vein to facilitate drainage of blood. The hose, connected to the embalming machine, is then connected to the arterial tube directed towards the heart. The embalming machine is adjusted to regulate the rate of flow. The machine is switched on and the fluid begins to move through the hose, through the arterial tube and into the body. As the embalming fluid is pushed through the arterial system, the blood is forced out through the jugular vein.

The body is vigorously massaged while this is going on to help facilitate drainage and distribution of embalming fluid. The tissue begins to firm and take on a rosy appearance, which is an excellent indication of a successful embalming. The tubes are then removed, the vein and artery tied off and the incision is sutured. Next, the cavity is treated. Fluid is suctioned from the hollow organs with an instrument called a trocar, then another, stronger fluid is placed into the cavity and the incision is closed. The body is again washed. Their hair is combed and cream is placed on their face to prevent skin dehydration. The deceased is then covered and will remain in the prep room until they are dressed, made up and ready to be placed into a casket. Matt and Brians dads both used the same woman to do make up and arrange the bodies hair. She was a local hairdresser.

The reason I say that its not environmentally friendly is that all of the stuff that comes out of the body goes down the drain and into the city sewer, along with all of the excess embalming fluid. All of it ends up going through a treatment plant and eventually comes out of the tap in your kitchen sink. So think of that the next time you get a drink of water.

So, in and between all of this taking place, the naked corpse usually just lays on a steel table in the cool room waiting between stages of the process. This is when we would sneak down for a peek. They werent dimly lit or dirty rooms. It was always quite bright and even somewhat cheery in the mortuaries. Matts father even had a Hang in There cat poster on the wall.

Unsurprisingly, being boys and testing out our courage, we had to occasionally dart up and quickly poke the bodies. Just to show that we could. Eventually, as we got older and braver, we would lift the sheets on some of the female bodies to get a peek underneath. Sounds desperate, I know, but hey, we were like twelve. Wed laugh at the huge erections that the men would get due to rigor mortis. Occasionally, a body would moan or make other noises as decomposition gasses made their way through the vocal cords. Then we would all go running upstairs, screaming like little girls.

Time passed, and we turned into teenagers. Other than Halloween or to scare girls, sneaking down into the basement mortuaries lost its shine. When we turned eighteen, both Matt and Brians fathers offered a few of us jobs doing late night runs to pick up bodies. Twenty-five bucks a run for each of us. Not too bad for an hours work for a young college kid. It was a little strange at first, but we got so comfortable that we would go through the McDonalds drive-thru or even stop for a pizza with a body in the back of the van. (I dont suppose that was entirely kosher, so thats why I omitted the real names of the funeral homes.)

My friends took two entirely different paths around this time. Matt decided to follow in the family footsteps and become a mortician. He went to school and continued helping out with embalming and providing directors services for grieving families. He stopped letting us sneak down into the basement and, when we did go down for business reasons, he demanded that we have the utmost reverence for the corpses. He said that he was truly ashamed of being disrespectful as children, even though we had really done nothing outrageous. We thought that he had turned into a little too much of a prude.

Brian, on the other hand Well, he went the entirely opposite way. He wanted nothing to do with the family business. He wasnt interested in college, either. He continued doing pickups for his dad, and got a job as a house painter. We would still hang out at his house, and after a few beers (or more), wed end up sneaking back down into the basement. Hed go so far as to say things like Hey, check out the tits on this one, or drape a corpses arm over his shoulder and ask one of us to take his picture.

Then, one night, he went a little too far. She was a young girl  about our age  and had been quite pretty. Im not sure what she died from, but it hadnt taken any toll on her body. Even in death, she would have been considered beautiful. As usual, it was after a night of heavy drinking that we had ended up down in the morgue. Brian turned the basement lights on and led us over to the table, promising something that we wouldnt want to miss.

We were figuring that it would be some gruesome car accident victim or another laughably large penis, but no. It was this pretty, young girl. He presented her with a magicians flourish by whipping off the sheet and pointing at her naked body with both hands. Ta da! Of course, we all remarked that Wow, she was hot, and what a shame it was that she had died so young. Then, he touched her. I mean touched her. First, grabbing a breast, then then other places. Cmere, guys. Feel this. Its almost like shes alive.

We all expressed our disgust. Not at touching a dead body  wed all handled our share of stiffs  but at the way he was touching her, the places he was touching her, and the palpable joy he was getting out of it. Dude! Thats just wrong, we protested. Come on, man. Get away from her, we said as we yanked him away. He became really defensive and it almost came to blows between him and another of our friends. He finally relented. Shit, man. I was just joking around. Brian looked truly wounded, as if he realized how shameful what he did was, but didnt want to admit to it. I put the sheet back over the girl as my friends dragged him toward the stairs, uttering a little prayer asking God to forgive us.

We turned out the lights and went back upstairs. Well, that had thrown a kibosh on the evenings festivities. So we all grabbed our leftover beer and headed out, mumbling our goodnights and til tomorrows. I lived only a few blocks away, so I walked home, drinking a beer on the way. Just being in the room when Brian did that made me feel dirty. I couldnt wait to get home and take a shower. I would need to finish off my six-pack (and maybe break open the bottle of Jack that was in my fridge) before I got into bed if I expected to sleep that night.

I talked to a couple of guys the next day and we all recollected how f---ed up the whole deal with Brian had been. We were really starting to doubt our friendship with him. He had become an odd duck, but that night gave us all pause to think about how far gone he had really been. Even drunk what a sicko. None of us even attempted to call Brian that day, or the next. My friend Rob was the first to find out, and he called me on that second day to deliver the news. Somehow, crazy as it sounded, I wasnt really surprised to hear the news.

Brian had been found dead in his room the previous morning. Apparent cause was a heart attack. Hed been having health problems according to his estranged mother. His dad had admitted a little more to Rob  something that was to be kept hushed up, of course. He was wondering if Rob knew anything about the irrational behavior that Brian had been exhibiting just prior to his death. Rob told him about what had happened down in the mortuary the night before Brian died. Oh, replied his dad, That makes a little sense, then.
You see, the naked body of the girl from that ghastly night had been found lying on Brians bed. 




 I'm glad that you and your mother can have a good relationship today. Do me a favor - give her a hug. Don't tell her that it's because you are proud of her for getting sober. Just say "I love you." 




 My name is Jim Hutchison. Most people call me Hutch, even in my professional life. My family-owned business is as a concrete contractor, and we perform work for a variety of private and federal clients. One such client is the Texas State Department of Corrections. It was work at one of their detention centers that got me interested in volunteering at a facility.

About five years back, we were installing a parking lot at the Montford Adult Correctional Institute in Lubbock. It is also known by its more appropriate name, the Montford Psychiatric Unit, as all of the inmates have been diagnosed with some type of mental disorder or other. As my men were doing the preparation, concrete placement, and finishing over a number of weeks, I used to watch people walking in and out of the front doors of the facility. It was depressing.

Always the same scene. There would be inmates in orange and white striped jumpsuits  trustees  outside the doors sweeping the front steps and picking up trash: cigarette butts, gum wrappers, etc. But mostly sweeping, always sweeping. All day long. Must have been the cleanest set of stairs in all of Texas. I supposed that it was a treat for them, though. After exhibiting good behavior for a while, they were actually allowed outside the unit. I have seen the conditions inside, and boy, I would not want to be locked up in there for too long.

Still, the looks on their faces. Blank stares, slack jaws, sweating in the one hundred degree sun. As I said, very depressing.

I had a lot of experience with mental disorders, being diagnosed with depression and bipolar disorder, and being a recovering alcoholic. I had found help and comfort through proper medical care and support groups, and I wished that there were some way I could pass that on to these poor men. Then, one day, I discovered how I could.

The guards at the front desk came to know me and some of my supervisory crew. They didnt mind if we occasionally came inside the lobby to get out of the summer sun and use the rest rooms or buy soda from one of the machines in the waiting room. I was sitting in a chair one day, holding a cold bottle of Big Red to my forehead, when I overheard two women talking nearby. They were well dressed and obviously not there as visitors. I wasnt trying to eavesdrop, but the few words I heard caught my attention. Apparently, they were volunteers at the prison, bringing the Word of the Lord to the inmates confined inside. I told them how much I admired their work, and how I had a desire to help in a similar way. And so, they suggested that I apply for a position as a pastoral counselor in the unit.

Long story short, I did just that. I had to go through some training  what I could and could not bring into the facility, what I could and could not say to the inmates (never share personal information or build friendships), and how to act when inside general population walking and talking amongst the convicts. It was all pretty much common sense.

For the first eight weeks or so, I had to be escorted in and out of the unit proper. I would arrive, place my boots, keys, wallet, and such on a conveyor belt, turn over my briefcase for inspection, and walk through a metal detector. Then one of the guards at the entrance to general population would call up to the counselors office and someone would come down to get me. During the eight weeks, I was fingerprinted, interviewed, and a federal background check was run on me. Eventually, I was given a badge of my own and no longer needed an escort.

I learned many things in my first few months of volunteering. Bibles were like currency to the inmates (reading material to overcome boredom). Pencils were not allowed in the cellblocks, so the men loved meeting with me to write journals. They spent most of their time doodling ideas for tattoos. The really sick ones  the mentals, as the guards cruelly referred to them  were not allowed into general pop and looked forward to my visits. Most of all, I learned how easy it was to get in and out of the prison. Not that I would ever have done it but I marveled at the fact that, given the right inclination, a body could make a mint smuggling in cigarettes or booze stuffed into their socks.

I followed the same ritual every evening that I visited. I would park in the lot, walk past the trustees who swept the front steps (wow, did they ever stink), and enter the facility. The guards got to know me and grew comfortable with my visits. They began by waving me through the detector without having to remove my boots or open my briefcase, and eventually started letting me avoid the security check altogether.

Next, I was allowed to bypass the desk and go directly behind to a filing cabinet, where I could retrieve my badge  I wasnt permitted to take it outside the prison. Then Id get buzzed through an unremarkable metal door and walk down a long, unadorned hallway. At the end of the hall was where the genuine security measures began.

The hallway terminated at another door, this one made of double layers of thick, cloudy bulletproof glass supported within a frame of four-inch by four-inch square steel tubes. I would approach and stand under a camera mounted above the door, lifting both my face and the badge toward the camera in order for the guards inside to verify my identity. Once done, the door would slide open, allowing me to step inside an airlock, of sorts. Then the door would slide shut behind me.

The compartment was a triangular room with three doors, all similar, and a window set into the side. The guards in control of the doors sat behind the window, and would control the doors, opening only one at a time. I came to call them doors number one, two, and three, sort of like the game show Lets Make a Deal. I always entered through door number one, and then was allowed to pass through door number two into the prisons general population. From the start, I would always gaze at door number three and wonder what was behind it, as it was the only door with darkened glass. Since no more than one door was ever open at a time, I never got a peek inside. During my orientation, I was told that the prisons infirmary was back there.

When door number two opened, the stench was overpowering. No matter how many times you would enter the block, you never did get used to it. Mostly, it was the reek of urine, but was accompanied by an underlying sweet citrus smell, as the result of the cleaning fluid that they ineffectively used to mop down the halls. Inmates ambled up and down the halls, always giving you the once-over with their eyes. Occasionally, they would lock eyes with you and try to stare you down. During orientation, we were told never to look away  to stare them down as you would a stray dog. Looking away would be a sign of weakness.

It may seem cruel, but you had to keep them beat down. You had to constantly remind them that you were in charge, that they were nothing. Anything less could lead to unrest and rebellion, and you couldnt have that.

The mentals were up on the ninth floor. The elevators, like the doorways, were controlled by the guards and monitored by cameras. I would press the single wall button, and eventually the doors would open. Id step inside, look at the camera, and speak my destination into the camera microphone. Sometimes, there would be an inmate or two in the elevator. I never stood with my back to them. I would always stand facing them, my back to the door, staring them down, and for the most part, they would lower their eyes to the floor and try not to look at me. I was instructed never to enter an elevator if it was occupied by an inmate that intimidated me, but I never backed down. At first, I acted brave because I was unsettled but didnt want to show it. After a while, I felt sympathy for the men more so than fear of them.

The ninth floor was divided up into five pods, each containing five double-occupancy cells. My habit was to rotate which pod I would visit on a daily basis, taking the weekends off. Even though I was educated not to make friends with the prisoners, I have to admit that I looked forward to the visits as much as they did. Sometimes heavily medicated, and by far the calmest group of men in the facility, they were (save for a few odd ducks) among the nicest people Id ever met.

So it was day after day, week after week, month after month that I would follow the same routine. There were occasional variances, on some days due to fights or unrest among the inmates in general population, but one thing never changed. Every day as I entered the block, I would look over at door number three and wonder what lay behind it. I asked a few times, and was always told the infirmary, and after a while stopped asking for fear that someone might become suspicious about why I cared so much. Truth was, Im just a curious person. Once, I even asked another volunteer if there was a chance that I could get a tour of the infirmary  perhaps visit the men back there  but was told (with great firmness) that my request would be impossible to fulfill, and that I should let the issue drop. I could almost hear the implied or else. That just piqued my curiosity even more.

My interest grew and grew until I one day decided that I was going to visit the infirmary one way or another. Although my decision was made on a Tuesday, I didnt act immediately. I became more attentive to which guards were working on each day and at each time. Certain ones were more lax, or friendlier. It took two weeks of studying them, and building my confidence, until I decided that it was time to act.

Exactly two weeks and one day from the Tuesday that I made my decision, I finally got up the courage to say, Im visiting the infirmary today. In my mind, I thought, lets see whats behind door number three, Monty!

The guard never even batted an eye. Alright Hutch. Have fun, he said, twinkling his fingers as his eyes dropped back to the video screens in front of him.

That easily, the door slid open. Boy, if the stench in general pop was bad, the odor wafting through door number three must have been quite literally a hundred times worse. In the hot Texas sun, and with all of the turkey vultures, road kill never lasted very long in Lubbock. Every once and a while, though, youd come across a fresh one. Thats the closest thing I could think of to describe the smell behind door number three. It was as if you picked up a day-old dead armadillo, buried your nose in its crushed belly, and took a deep breath. Well, what I imagine it would smell like. I had never actually done that. Definitely the smell of rotting meat and gangrene, though.

The doors slid shut and another long hall was revealed. Dimly lit, with flickering fluorescents, it was like something straight out of a horror movie. I soon found out that was an extremely appropriate description. Another door at the end of the hall hung loosely from its frame, allowing light to leak out around it. I could hear alternating moaning, crying, and the worst - screaming coming from behind the door. I could have should have turned around and headed back for the exit, but I had gotten too far. The only way to go was forward. Forward and through that door.

Although I knew it would seem suspicious, I opened the door slowly and stuck my head around the corner. The best way to seem as if you belong somewhere is to stride right in with confidence, but I couldnt. I was afraid of what might be behind the door. Heck, I thought, it most likely was just a prison hospital. Moaning, crying, screaming  all normal noises for men in pain.

It was most definitely not a normal hospital ward.

There were at least a dozen men strapped to steel tables. Some naked, some in orange prison jumpsuits, and some wearing the striped suits like the trustees that I passed every day outside on the stairs. All of them had IVs inserted into their arms, the drip bags containing a fluid that looked like antifreeze. Vitals signs monitors (VSMs) were attached to most of them, and I could see by the displays that two of the men were clearly dead.

There were two men and a woman, all wearing lab coats, standing amongst the tables. One of the male doctors (?) looked up in surprise, and then beckoned over Come in, come in. They must have noticed the look of confusion, quickly turning to panic, in my eyes. The female doctor began explaining in a soothing voice.

Dont worry. Youre not the first outsider to stumble his way into our infirmary, and Im certain that you wont be the last. As youve probably already guessed, what we have here is more of a lab than a hospital. Weve just become so used to calling it the infirmary that its simpler that way. She drew a breath and was about to continue when another of the doctors shouted, Its happening!

Everyone, myself included, turned toward one of the tables that held a dead man. Well, previously held a dead man, to be exact. His VSM had jumped to life, and seemingly so had he. He began twitching, and then thrashing, then he began to scream. I had seen a man being burned alive once, when a barrel of hot tar accidently spilled on him, and the screaming was the same. It was gut wrenching and made my skin crawl. You could hear the pain and sorrow in it.

The female doctor scrambled to inject a syringe of some milky liquid into the mans IV port and after what seemed like an eternity (although it was probably mere seconds) he calmed, and his breathing steadied itself.

Heres the thing: They had not been performing CPR on the man when I walked in. There was no defibrillator to be seen. The man was unmistakably dead when I arrived and during the few minutes we had been talking. Yet, here he was alive once again, as if he had spontaneously resurrected. Disturbingly, though, his eyes were still clouded over as if he had cataracts. An uneasy and sick feeling crept its way into my belly. The doctors had not told me anything yet, but on some level, I already knew what was happening  or at least part of it.

I was incredulous. Wha- whats going on?

So, while two of the doctors tended to the resurrected man, the third explained the experiment to me.

You see, we were tasked to find out whether or not so called evil men have souls or not, he began. Of course, I personally do not think that there is any such thing as true evil, but I do wonder if these malcontents have the same sort of spiritual makeup as normal people. After all, why do they do what they do?

In 1907, a Haverhill, Massachusetts, doctor by the name of Duncan MacDougall managed, apparently overcoming any ethical reservations over human experimentation, to put six dying people on a bed equipped with sensitive springs, and claimed to have observed a sudden loss of weight  about three quarters of an ounce  at the exact moment of their death. Having reasoned that such loss could not be explained by bowel movements or evaporation, he concluded he must have measured the weight of the soul. A follow-up experiment also showed that dogs didnt seem to suffer the same sort of loss, therefore they didn't have souls.

Im not implying that these inmates are on the equivalent of dogs, but one must wonder exactly how they compare to normal, healthy human beings. We obviously do not have much control data, but we have recycled these men as much as possible for our research.

It was there that I stopped him. Recycled?

Oh yes, he brightened. We dont just throw them away. You see, as a pleasing consequence of our intended experiment, we found that we were able to revive our test subjects.

Revive them?

Yes. Revive, resurrect, bring them back whatever you wish to call it. This way, we are able to take measurements and observe through a variety of different conditions. Its quite ingenious.

I really did not know what to say at that point. To question who authorized the experiment, what the ramifications were, how it worked. So I asked the first question that popped into my head.

So, do they have souls?

He removed a pencil from his breast pocket and tapped the side of his head, as if thinking it over. You know, Im quite certain that they do. As I said, we lack enough data to use as a control. However, it seems that each time we bring them back, they lose a little until  it seems  its all gone. After a certain point, we can no longer observe any differences.

And how long does that take?

Usually four or five cycles.

I cocked my head, still in disbelief over the casual way he was talking about the atrocities they were committing. And what happens then?

Im sorry, he said, I dont follow you.

After youre done with them. What happens to them then?

Whoo, he blew air through pursed lips. Yes, thats the problem, isnt it? Thats currently the little snag weve run into. You see, eventually they just stop dying.

He must have seen the look on my face.

I mean, its not as if we havent tried. We usually put them down in a most humane way. Sedation, paralysis, and eventually with an injection of enough potassium to stop their hearts. Then we revive them and do it again. And again. And again. Each time, it gets a little more difficult to put them down, until well, until we just cant do it anymore.

What? I was just about screaming.

In simpler terms, they are basically incapable of dying. Quite a problem. And they really start to stink, he said, as if that were the chief problem.

Cant you burn them, cremate the bodies?

It was his turn to look at me in disgust. Oh, now that would be cruel.

I held my head in my hands and began to hyperventilate. So where are they?

Well, he said, Outside. Sweeping the steps.

With that, I began to feel lightheaded. What caused me to faint, though, was his next question.

Mister, um he looked at my badge, then into my eyes, Hutchison, would you consider yourself to be a good person? Do you believe that you have a soul? 




