



















 145m 




 Tried for hayfever and an arm injury. Neither worked (I didn't think it would).  



















 10? 




 American History X 




 BBC and The Economist 




 By pointing out the spelling error in the title...? 














 Ah, I see. Yes.  




 Arguably there is stronger separation in the US. You have an executive and legislative branch, whereas our executive is made up of the legislature - so essentially a powerful Prime Minister has ability to change anything (the UK system is sometimes described as a elected dictatorship).  




 What?!

Liberal Democrats = 2.4 million votes = 8 seats

Greens = 1.2 million votes = 1 seat

Liberal = 4,000 votes = 0 seats
 




 She has Corgis to do that for her 




 The Conservatives have a majority. 

In 2010, the UK had its first and only post-war coalition, when the Liberal Democrats (57 seats) went into coalition with the Conservatives (306 seats). Labour and Conservatives together still accounted for 564 of the total seats.  









 Firstly, since 1945 there are only two parties with any chance of winning - Labour and Conservatives (for many years prior to 1945 it was similar, except the Liberal party instead of Labour). So in that way, it would be a two-party system.

Because of First-past-the-post (FPTP) and the Spoiler Effect (a bit) the two main parties stitched up over 550 of the 650 seats in every election since1945. 

2005 marked the early rise of the Liberal Democrats, gaining around 60 seats in both 2005 and 2010. They avoided the spoiler effect by chasing local issue votes, anti-war votes, and Liberal votes (e.g. against internet snooping, holding suspects without trial etc). 

What, I believe, 2010 did, was galvanise 3rd parties - they all thought they could do what the Lib Dems did. 

In Scotland, the Spoiler Effect essentially destroyed the Lib Dem. Conservative, Labour vote - who were all seen as very similar compared with the Scottish Nationalist Party (SNP) resulting in an almost complete wipeout for the traditional parties in Scotland. 

Plaid Cymru fight issue politics for seats in Wales. Northern Ireland has always had its own parties. We still have a two party-dominated system - perhaps more so now that the SNP (who have a maximum possibility of the 59 Scottish seats) are the third party, and perhaps even more now that the Liberal Democrat vote has collapsed (from 56 to 8 seats) and spread the protest vote 3 ways (I hope the Liberal-side of their vote returns, but it won't be fast). 


 




 Moby Dick 




 World War I wasn't just a book..... 




 Fahrenheit 451 




 Hugh Laurie ... he can sing, play piano, act, do comedy... 




 and marmalade 




 22? 




 Bureaucratic nightmare after man is arrested for unknown crime  




 Lord of the Flies 




 King Lear? 




 Probably War and Peace, but could also be 1984 




 So you touch someone and absorb their talents (you become as good as they are, and they become as good as you were). One person. Once.  



















 Of all animal research in Canada, 7.8% is regulatory testing, of which a small part might be cosmetic tests
http://www.ccac.ca/Documents/Publications/Statistics/CCAC_Animal_Use_Statistics_2011.pdf 









 I'm British so I'd have to get out pesos or USD 




 Heading to Colombia for 3 weeks. Starting in Bogota, then to Cartegena, after that I don't know. I would like to do some climbing at some point. Anywhere I should go. And what currency is best to have? 




 Ah the youth of yesterday! 














 So my friend, Antonio, was found short of money after his big trading deal seemed to go south. Problem was he and I had made a deal with a loan-shark called Shylock who was demanding a pound of his flesh as the insurance cost for a loan. 

I was there at the trial, we had the money, but the loan-shark demanded his pound of flesh. Anyway, the day was saved by a lawyer's assistant called Balthazar, except that I didn't realise that it was in fact my wife in disguise! She managed to save Antonio but at the end, while in disguise, she demanded my wedding ring as a tribute for her service in saving my friend.

Anyway, it was a bit of a trick as when I arrived home she castigated me for giving away my wedding ring. I tried to explain but she was furious. Eventually she admitted the truth, that she was Balthazar. 

We don't like to talk about it. And that is what really happened. 




 "Wait, so I've been busy fighting in the 'War to end all wars' and you went and had another one 20 odd years later!?" 




 Her parents were disappointed she didn't have A's 




 Everything's going to be just fine... 









 We definitely do have strict guidelines - in fact it was the guidelines which protect animal welfare (EU Directive 2010/63) that the ECI petition wanted to remove 




 Good decisions come from experience; experience comes from bad decisions 




 ? 














 As opposed to someone living for the *second* time? 














 I always liked Orac's stuff on vaccines. Well thought out.  




 Science communication - working with the public and media explaining why animals are used in medical research 




 Would you beat yourself up if you quit after a year? Do you enjoy the principle of what you're doing. 

I quit after 3 years and never regretted it.  




 Hodor 




 This party takes place on inflatable boats, so something which won't immediately become unwearable if I get wet would be helpful.  



















 Stand up and publicly explain why animal research is important. 

In 2006, when I was a student at Oxford, UK, extremists were putting bombs in college buildings and declaring students "legitimate targets". A small group of us organised a counter-rally to a national animal rights demonstration despite many people saying it was madness. 

In the end almost 1,000 students and scientists marched through the streets in support of biomedical research while only around 400 animal rights activists turned up for their demo (at the same time). More info on it: http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2006/feb/25/animalwelfare.highereducation

I have helped organise similar demonstrations in Milan, Italy and Los Angeles, USA.  














 I thought this would be a story about a man who owned a spoon company 









 I only wish my students were as eloquent when I was teaching 




 Looking at the Directive: http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32010L0063 from=EN

The following is NOT a licensed procedure (therefore not in the stats): 
"practices not likely to cause pain, suffering, distress or lasting harm equivalent to, or higher than, that caused by the introduction of a needle in accordance with good veterinary practice"
or
"practices undertaken for the purposes of recognised animal husbandry"

So measuring and weighing wouldn't. Chipping might. 




 I *think* Celphalapods are included (octopuses and cuttlefish; though I'mn not sure any are actually used), but you are right that nearly all invertebrates are not included. I do not know of a country where they count them (the main ones being fruit flies and nematode worms)  





























 Thanks 









 An electricity pylon 




 Surely however you use it as you intend to use it. If you were using it any other way then that would be your intention.  




 "I don't want to see a ghost
It's the sight that I fear most
I'd rather have a piece of toast
Watch the evening news"
Des'ree 
























 Every drug which is approved for market is done so on the basis of HUMAN clinical trials. Animal trials ensure that very dangerous drugs don't get to Stage I clinical trials. Something they have a great track record for. 

Then there is the development of the drugs, which relies on understanding of both disease and physiology, gained in large parts from animal studies.  




 This claim is very misleading, since scientists were mislead not by the fact that they were using animals, monkeys develop polio infection the same way humans do, but by their own belief that polio was spread through the nasal passages, whereas the main route of infection is through the gut.  Scientists working on polio in monkeys up to the late 1940s had found out a lot about the polio virus but theyre were seriously hampered by the fact that it was thought that polio could not be grown outside a living organism due to the failure of repeated attempts to grow it in cell culture. This failure also made it extremely difficult to obtain the quantities of virus necessary for vaccine research. John Enders breakthrough discovery that polio could be grown in tissue culture enabled scientists to grow large amounts of many different strains of polio in tissue culture which could then be assessed for their potential as vaccines. What anti-vivisectionists dont point out is that Enders relied on testing in monkeys to verify that the virus was indeed growing and to examine the pathogenicity of different strains (1,2). Enders studies also indicated that polio could grow in a variety of tissues, not just nerve tissue as had previously been assumed, and this led Albert Sabine to study in monkeys whether infection could occur via the gut.

Jonas Salk quickly used Enders technique to develop the killed polio virus vaccine Salk vaccine, which he tested successfully in monkeys before deciding to take it to human trials (3).

In the end research with monkeys was vital to gaining a correct understanding of the biology of the polio virus. Using monkeys David Bodian demonstrated that the polio virus entered the body through the digestive system, and not through the lungs as had previously been thought, a finding that was key to the development of an oral vaccine. Albert Sabin tested many different strains of attenuated polio virus in hundreds of monkeys and scores of chimps before identifying attenuated strains that were capable of efficiently entering the body through the digestive system and provoking an adequate immune response to protect against the different pathogenic strains of polio while not causing the disease themselves. These were the strains that subsequently proved successfully in human trials. Sabin could not have made this advance without the use of monkeys and in a scientific paper  discussing his research (4) wrote:

"approximately 9,000 monkeys, 150 chimpanzees and 133 human volunteers have been used thus far in the quantitative studies of various characteristics of different strains of polio virus. [These studies] were necessary to solve many problems before an oral polio vaccine could become a reality."

The true story is that before the discovery of John Enders, scientists using monkeys to study polio were making slow progress, after his discovery scientists using monkeys (and a few chimps) were able to make very rapid progress.

From the initial 1908 discovery through research on monkeys by Karl Landsteiner and Erwin Popper that polio was caused by a virus (5) to the development of the oral polio vaccine it is clear that animal research played a vital role in every major advance.

See also the related blog post Albert Sabin and the monkeys who gave summer back to the children.

References:
1) http://www.news.harvard.edu/gazette/1998/10.08/JohnEndersBreak.html
2) Weller TH, Robbins FC, EndersJF Cultivation of poliomyelitis virus in cultures of human foreskin and embryonic tissues. Proc Soc Exp Biol Med. 1949 72(1):153-5. PubMed: 15391699
3) http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/05094/482468.stm
4) Sabin A.B. Present status of attenuated live-virus poliomyelitis vaccine. J Am Med Assoc. 1956 Dec 29;162(18):1589-96. PubMed: 13376323
5) Landsteiner K   Popper E (1908) Wien klin Wschr 21, 1830

Overall Source:
http://speakingofresearch.com/extremism-undone/bad-science/#8 
























 I'm going mad - I meant raving.  




 What about the monster teaching Looney party? 




 Can't get it to say DTS, only Dolby Digital. If I connect the receiver to the TV I can get it to say DTS (but still no sub wound). 

Yes I'm getting sound from the remaining speakers. 




 So Boxee plays MP3, WAV/PCM/LPCM, WMA, AIF/AIFF, AC3/AAC, OGG, FLAC, DTS, and Dolby Digital/Dolby True HD

Boxee ouputs in: Analog(default), Digital

DTS Capable receiver

Dolby Digital(AC3) capable receiver
- Audio outout device - Primary Sound Driver(default), 'other' Audio Output
- Downmix multichannel audio to stereo 




 So Boxee plays MP3, WAV/PCM/LPCM, WMA, AIF/AIFF, AC3/AAC, OGG, FLAC, DTS, and Dolby Digital/Dolby True HD

Boxee ouputs in: Analog(default), Digital

DTS Capable receiver

Dolby Digital(AC3) capable receiver
- Audio outout device - Primary Sound Driver(default), 'other' Audio Output
- Downmix multichannel audio to stereo 




 Amp is set to digital DTS mode. 

Boxee is set to digital S/PDIF mode.

Subwoofer is making no noise at all!

Help! 














 I agree with you. My original question wasn't an imperial vs metric question, it was whether another base would be any more difficult. 




 Good point. Makes a good case for a hexadecimal system 




 What's your point? Mixing calculations is always hard, but if you had 12 inches to a foot and 12 feet to a "sandal" - it'd be easier in base 12.

It would be:

- 10 [12] inches = 1 [12] feet
- 10 [12] feet = 1 [12] "sandal"
- so: 100 [12] inches  = 1 [12] "sandal" 




