 This was published ten years ago. Is there any updated info? 




 I don't want to give any spoilers away, but I thought the writing here was pretty remarkable. There were a dozen points where I stopped to comprehend the sentence or passage that I had just read. I thought the plot was above average, but maybe not 2 million dollars above average. The end, especially, left a lot to be desired. 

Anyway, I guess I'm asking what everyone else thought.  




 Unless I'm mistaken, /r/writingprompts is mainly fiction. I'll have a look though.  




 Hey All - I was a college writing major and now I work in publishing. I help authors come up with ideas for op-eds all the time, but when it comes to my own writing I'm kind of at a loss. In the last few years I've written about gaming dynamics, the changing language of the technology age, fan fiction, and, ironically, Reddit. All of these pieces were for major publications and some were even paid. I also have some random fiction in the works. 

My question is what would you all like to read about? Specifically at the intersection of writing, publishing and technology. It's been the better part of a year since I've written anything worth reading and I could really use some of that famous Reddit juice.  




 "RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers" 









 I believe that men who don't wear belts are psychopaths.  




 Episode 8 of Band of Brothers is the most realistic Holocaust scene I've ever come across, and you already love all the soldiers by this point. Breaks me every time. 




 Tom, do you have any plans for the next book in the series? 




 I help run the Product Hunt Book Club at www.producthuntbookclub.com and we cover 4 or 5 nonfiction titles a month. If anyone is looking to expand their nonfiction reading that's as good a place to start as any. DM me for details.  




 I dare you to tell me it didn't inspire you to put the book down and run around outside. Very odd result, and an author I can't help but think would be proud to hear you'd rather be running around then reading his book.  




 I just finished Born to Run. What do you think of the idea that human's were designed not to need footwear? 




 Publishing and media 




 link me up fam 




 Yeah he's awesome. That post came out the day I finished the book, so as much as I hate to admit it I couldn't read much more about Musk, especially since the post is loosely based on the book.  




 I don't typically read biographies, and this one won't be published until May 16th, but I got my hands on a copy and holy hell was it awesome. There were some pieces that left you wanting (very little on Solar City) and a few more typos than I would have liked in a finished book, but man it was great. If you're a fan of Elon Musk you need this book. Beyond that, I found that it was incredibly inspiring, on the level I haven't seen very often. I guess this is a bit of a rambling explanation, but I'm wondering if anyone else has been wanting to read this or if I'm the odd man out? Sales seems to be pretty steady on Amazon.  




 I loved all four of them, but nothing will ever compare to the first.  




 It's funny because it's true 









 Joe Dirt 




 Was writing the book a lot different than filming the show? 









 Just because something is popular doesn't mean it's not good. You're judging without reading, which reminds me of an old saying... 




 How do you know that having not read it? 




 Has anyone read Loving Learning? 









 Listen- this is great that you finally read a book and I hope you keep reading and take down a million more. That being said, I'm shocked to see so many people who go so long without reading. Books are the easiest way for us to share our ideas and thoughts and it's a shame that so many people don't take advantage of them. 









 Netscape friendly layouts. I think you just won my heart.  




