 http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/latest_polls/ 




 Everyone will tell you it's a conspiracy because they're so scared of Sanders. In reality he's so far behind in polls, money, and endorsements that he's a non factor in the race. Yes I know he gets big crowds but so did Ron Paul. Unless he can show those crowds turning into actual support, polling numbers, and endorsements, he'll continue to get the coverage a distant second candidate deserves.  









 Again, what does the fact that he worked for that magazine have to do with his integrity? 




 What does that have to do with his integrity? 



















 They poll both landlines and cell phones. 









 That's not how polls work.  




 To the left. Always to the left.  









 [Here you dropped this.](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/0/0/2/7/5/0/4/5/1/5249707050_tin_foil_hat.jpeg) 




 Yeah good point. She's up, he's down.  




 @Nate_Cohn: We don't very good data, but it's hard to see much evidence that Bernie has made gains over the last ~month 









 This poll has her up by 49, 52 without Biden.  




 Polls are going to jump around a lot, it's to be be expected. That's why most poll aggregate sites use an average of the last several polls to paint a better picture.  




 I suppose that's true, although I consider myself pretty liberal. Just not as liberal as Sanders.  




 No sir. Registered democrat and head of my local party.  




 [I like her economic plans.](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/the-four-fights/economy-of-tomorrow/)

As far as foreign affairs she got high marks for her performance as Secretary of State. I don't think there's a more qualified candidate to approach international conflicts with nuance. 

And I'm not giving up. I'm not settling for Hillary. I think she's the better candidate and will make a better president. That's possible, you know.  




 [Last several polls in the low 40s, one in the mid 30s. This is a big jump for her.](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html) 




  Hillary doesn't even intend to make incremental progress in any meaningful way

Sure she does. You just don't consider is "meaningful."  That doesn't mean you're objectively correct. 

Sweeping change that include massive tax increases won't happen.  




 I choose practicality and competence over dreams. I choose someone willing to accomplish incremental change over someone who will refuse to budge unless we make a wholesale change in our government. The first will actually accomplish things. The second will rant and rave and then fade off into the sunset forgotten.  




 I do. I think he promises pie in the sky with no way to deliver. He knows his proposals will be expensive and that means raising taxes, but there will never be enough support to raise them in congress. You'll never get 60 senators who are far left enough and willing to risk their seats to raise taxes. He's also a "true believer" and shows no willingness to compromise or work with other legislators. All reports indicate he has no friends or allies in congress because he's so ideological that he can't get along. So all his promises are empty. 

He also has no foreign policy experience and seems entirely disinterested in it, even though it's the area of policy that a president has the most impact on. A Bernie Sanders presidency is a lame duck one on the first day. He gets nothing done and voter quickly sour on him meaning he loses his reelection bid to Marco Rubio in 2020.  









 No 12,000 is meaningless if those numbers don't move his polls.  Ron Paul got huge crowds too. He went nowhere.  




 I haven't seen any attention to O'Malley nor anyone saying he's anything close to a front runner.  




 They've been shown to be very inaccurate though.  




  I literally have yet to talk to someone who A. supports Hillary, B. does so with enthusiasm instead of "well, I guess it's inevitable" fatalism, and C. maintains that enthusiasm when they learn about her main competitor.

Hi. Clarence Darrow. Nice to meet you. 

Also internet polls are terrible.  




 And I'm positive if he suddenly starts picking up steam and gaining in polls he'll get more coverage.  




 Nope.  




 Because his turnout at events does not show up in polls.  




 People that are plugged in and aware and just think she's a better candidate? Honestly people can disagree.  




 Has anyone considered that he might get less coverage because he's a distant second in polls, in money, and in endorsements? Like maybe there's no conspiracy. Maybe the media sees the writing on the wall and is focusing on the nominee that is overwhelming likley to win.  









 Monmouth came out with a Republican Iowa poll today, so it's likely they'll have a Democratic Iowa poll tomorrow. 




 Where's that poll? 




 Link to that poll? 









  Also, his foreign policy isn't really a weakness, but he'll struggle to show experience against Hillary.

 




 The latest poll in Iowa has him down 43 points. In no way shape or form is even close to a tie with Hillary.  




 You're saying someone who was in the house for the majority of that time, which does not approve treaties or vet ambassadors, and never served on a foreign affairs committee, has more experience in foreign affairs than a former Secretary of State? 




 People support most of the ACA but if you put it up for a popular vote it would almost certainly lose. Identity politics is king. People vote for the whole package. They hear socialist and say, no thanks.  




 Are you kidding? There was a just a poll last month that 53% of Americans would never vote for a socialist.  




 Still trying to talk about how he's not the bad kind of socialist. He would start a general election campaign in the hole.  




 The issue is Americans don't like socialists. Most Americans would never vote for one. Sanders starts already behind because he admits he's socialist-now he has to try and explain to those in the middle that he's a special kind of socialist, not the scary kind.  




 That's still a socialist. You're trying to add nuance to it that the voters are unlikely to buy. Trying to explain how he's a special kind of socialist won't wash.  




 Obama can and rightly did deny that he was a socialist. That's why the attacks didn't derail his campaign. 

Sanders admits he's a socialist. He can't deny it.  




 So of the tiny number of people that this happens to, less than half of them are accidents. The rest of the millions of parents in the country manage to not leave their kids in the car.  




 That doesn't say it can happen to anyone. It says when it does happen about 40% of the time it's an accident.  









 What makes New Hampshire the most important? Several candidates from both parties have won NH and then gone on to lose the nomination. [Also Sanders could win there and lose everywhere else.](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/bernie-sanders-could-win-iowa-and-new-hampshire-then-lose-everywhere-else/) 




 You really think his wife said that sanders can't be bought and neither can she? That seems like something a real person would do? 









 Polls randomly dial landlines and cell phones and ask questions to obtain a representative sample. Of course people who are 18 or who don't vote frequently get polled.  




 No one here actually believes this right? 




 There's a big difference between 16 points behind and 40 points behind.  




 The general election isn't for 16 months. *The primary* starts in a little over 6 months. Big difference.  




 [The majority of Americans will not vote for someone who describes themselves as a socialist.](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/poll-voters-socialist-atheist-catholic-119273.html) 




 [Now you're just making stuff up. McCain had double digits leads in the summer of 2007](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2008/president/us/republican_presidential_nomination-192.html) 




  Your arguments against Sanders are basically little more than "he's not the frontrunner at this point".

It goes well beyond not a front runner. Scott Walker is not a front runner but is only a few points behind. Sanders is 40 points behind. That's a huge difference.  




 People are fucking sick of the billion dollar machines, and are getting really pissed off about them.

Is that why Clinton has huge leads everywhere? 




 What works in Vermont will not work across the country. People don't like socialism 




 You're missing the point that he *admits* he's a socialist.  Obama can and did deny that he was a Kenyan, that he was a socialist, that he was a Muslim.  He could deny all these things because they weren't true.  Sanders has a political belief that is anathema to a majority of Americans and he can't deny it.  




  What could genuinely said to be socialist?

Sanders himself.  He admits he's socialist.  Socialism is poison to a candidate. 




  None of these things imply shit all, really.

Except people like Nate Silver have shown that they *do* show shit all.  Even this early, a poll deficit of that magnitude is very indicative of who will win.

Those reasons that you yourself listed above are exactly why he stands little to no chance.  It's not mindless repetition, its a substantive list of factors that show exactly why Sanders is very unlikely to win.   




  You can easily get labeled a conspiracy theorist for talking about these sorts of tactics

Because when you make these claims without any proof that's exactly what you sound like.

But they happen a lot in the US.

And what is your proof? 




  There is a difference between "polling low" in the sense of "Hillary currently is dominating most of these demographics" and "polling low" in the sense of "minorities disapprove of Bernie Sanders". A very, very large difference.

What's the difference?  A low poll is a low poll.  There seems to be this attitude among Sanders supporters that if only one could hear the holy words of Saint Sanders they would instantly be converted.  There seems to be this denial that someone could know all there is to know and still not support him. 




  Nobody's ever given any evidence of that besides for lists of other people saying the same thing.

Lists of people who making a living being accurate in their predictions.  And the fact that he consistently trails in national polls by 40+ points.  And the fact that huge numbers of Democratic office holders endorse Hillary and none have endorsed Sanders.  And the fact that he has far less money.  And the fact that only one insurgent campaign has ever worked, and that was Obama, and he has far more money, more endorsements, better polling numbers, and a much better relationship with the African American electorate than Sanders.  And the fact that the majority of his policies that poll favorably Hillary agrees with.  And the fact that he polls far behind in Iowa, South Carolina, Florida, and many other early primary states.  And the fact that Hillary has barely started campaigning, and hasn't held any large rallies.  And the fact that she has a huge lead on him in organization, with dozens of field offices and paid staffers in important states.  538 essentially said if he wins, everything we know about primary elections is wrong.

There's no conspiracy among Clinton staffers here.  All the evidence we currently see show he has little to no chance of winning the primary election. 




 I think if you have to rely on a massive, collusive conspiracy theory to explain your candidates lack of popularity you're already conceding defeat. 

Ron Paul used to gather huge raucous crowds too. He went nowhere.  




  If establishment media, the ones who produce these polls - WasPo, NYT, Wall St. Journal, Fox - weren't actively trying to diminish Sanders' campaign then I would agree would you.

Now you're venturing into tin foil hat conspiracy territory. There's no concerted effort to push down your candidate just like there wasn't one for Ron Paul. He gets less than 20% in national polls. He's behind in all states. Clinton leads by 40 points. He's a distant second and thus isn't going to get a front page story on the NYT everyday. The newspapers pay a polling firm to poll for them. These firms make their money by being accurate; they're hired by candidates, PACs, business, etc. They'd go out of business.  




 They're alive dammit! 




 You're falling into the same trap as the republicans in 2012. You're trying to "unskew" the polls because they don't say what you want. As it turns out the polls in 2012 *were* correct.  




 Probably. But they polling firms compensate for all of that, or at least try their very best to.  




 They weight the results to compensate. They don't just put up raw numbers. 




 I'm speaking of New Jersey specifically. You're referring to national polls.  




 Is there an updated poll on New Jersey showing Clinton's lead shrinking? 




 Latest poll on there is 440 landline and 352 cell. They then weight those responses to match the electorate.  




 Polls call home phones and cell phones.  




