 Is this the story which 60+ people have fainted while reading? 




 Finished Filth by Irvine Welsh the other night. The ending was just so upsetting that I threw the book across the room and screamed for a bit. Was wondering if anyone had any similar experiences? 




 I hate when people do this with their sadness.  




 Thank you for feedback. It does need work with the structure, just finding that very difficult.  




 Safety First


They call me the rubber and sawdust man.  
Traveling place to place doing whatever it is I can:  
fencing off bodies of water,  
packing street holes with sand,  
spend weeks of summer concreting uneven land.   




I have fought them all,   
every last one:  
houses with asbestos walls,   
schools that let kids burn in the sun,  
dogs waiting to maul,   
a cell phone in each pocket to report hit and runs  
Safety is my call.  
From peanuts to guns.  


That day and all days after,  
I have vowed to protect the children of the earth.  
All children, all races, always,  
from neighbourhood watch to restricted flag surf.  
I have tried to make this world safe,  
devoted life, to protect life's worth.  
On the day of my first date with a beautiful nurse,   
who worked in proofing birth,  




I blunted the edges of my shoes,   
avoided the kiss because of bacteria.  
I now had an ally, though we were set to lose,   
never to remove fat from cafeterias.  
Together we battled those adventure cruises,   
fought the thumbtack hysteria,  
voted for the ban of stiletto shoes,   
at the airport handed out pamphlets regarding malaria.  




Together we fought the danger,  
and love did grow.  
When we intervened with drug takers,   
she confessed her heart a seed to sow.  
At an adult swim class, I told her I loved her.  
 She replied "I know."  
We went to a secular, indoor wedding planner.  
Picked spring to avoid heat and snow.  




In a beautiful, bubble wrapped dress,  
she walked down the aisle.  
I opted for a life jacket with a double breast,   
over suit and tie.  
The flower girl, flowerless, deciding to avoid that mess,   
just held the tail, as we were blessed.  
And walked down that one third,  
 a half, a quarter mile.  



Three days after our wedding communion,  
she died in her sleep.  
There was no preparation.   
Just an aneurysm.  
Just a canyon of spontaneous grief.  




http://www.reddit.com/r/OCPoetry/comments/372jkx/the_burden_of_smiling/ http://www.reddit.com/r/OCPoetry/comments/372b8s/platitudes/ 




 Thanks. I really screwed up the formatting. Might reupload and fix it. And you are right about that line. It's a bit awkward and wrong. 




 At least he understands that Jesus was anti-immigration 
https://youtu.be/f0N4SQ4R5K4 














 Brutus, we're bros right? 




