 Used although accounts to upvote his posts.  This exposed him.  




 /r/mylifesuxnow  




 I am just at a point that I feel like I am losing my grip with alot of things.  They are from financial to superficial all the way to losing family. I don't know where to look other than resting in my mindfulness and meditation.  Is there any advice or reading I should do to strengthen my resolve?  




 I love this movie and love the "Lt.  Dan...  Ice cream!"  part. What's your favorite quote?  









 Ya..  We are just looking for a faster pace 




 On a side note...  We have the best Kings roster in 10 years! Kings fiends get ready!  




 Now that we are officially done signing, I feel like we brought alot of players. How does our depth chart look?  Lineups and play time?  




 This is ridiculous....  No Hollins,  no ship.  




 His legs are getting old..  So he relies more on skill and ball IQ. Slows down the game and makes intelligent passes. Having a backup passer is better than a mediocre scorer. Add in vet experience and personal relationship with the coach... Better option IMO.  




 Agreed.  Unless Seth surprises the world...  Andre miller was my choice.  




 Because we can change it...  Duh!  We did it reddit!  




 Ok 









 I don't unfortunately  




 The package should be released today.  




 Talked to the FA Office and they told me that transfers are expected to be released today.  Just an FYI.  




 What about a government funded start up.  Maybe even funded by the UN? Have the facility guarded by Un patrol who most of the time isn't really active.  

ROI is less resources used on wars, diseases and fighting poverty as well as maybe having the economy grow and eventually adopting the dollar? 

I might be reaching a little bit.  I'm thinking more of a humanities effort than a business model.  




 Would it be cheaper to build facilities in Africa to manufacture these food options and be more productive than it is to send what we already are doing?  Let's say 50 years down the road?  




 So it's better to proceed at our rate of "technological evolution"  and maybe be wrong that global warming doesn't exist than it is to  not "technologically evolve"  and be wrong that it does exist?  




 Good point.  I guess the prices to manufacture would go up due to transportation. Would it be possible to create government run farms out there? Would it be cheaper in the long run to run facilities over there to provide food than it would be to transport food?  




 Understood but it is for the general public here. We know markups are ridiculous for fast food companies. What is the cost to manufacture food products like this? Is 10 cheap?  














 Yea...  That's kinda how prefixes work 




 Go to /r/mylifesuxnow  




 It was edited.  




 The song ruined your dad? 




 While inhaling the fumes!?  Why not eat that lead based paint while you're at it!  Just sit under this table with your eyes closed.  




 Understood.  Most venues will have a camera stand dead center to film the concert.  That's always my go to. 

PSA: please don't be those people who literally make it a mission to push through crowds.  If you left your friends...  You lost your spot.  Be considerate.  




 Decent idea if people didn't snatch phones at festivals...  Especially while hiding it as high  as possible. 

Find a landmark and converge.  Don't leave unless you expect it to be difficult.  It says message them. Why don't I just message them and tell them to meet me somewhere 




 Coop becomes a Barber... Commence with mass suicide please.  




 Downvotes because ops a racist.  




 I feel for the women..  They were like WTF is he doing 




 Holy fuck 




 Kings...  You're welcome 




 Dank meme 




 /r/nba where down voting happens.  




 Yea I could do that but there would be a lot of dead bodies 














 But a stick bundle nonetheless  




 Toggaf a si PO 




 It's a bad area.  Real bad. Not as bad as MLK but I would advise looking almost anywhere else.  




 Lol 




 Fuck...  My penis is so conflicted between stupidity and hotness.  




 Pretty sure these are the guys who puck the Bucks bottom 3 last year 




 There is no reason why someone approaching 7'0" should move like this.  I swear he was a PG in a previous life.  




 Great shirt to clean the garage with 




 :)  




 Siberia...  It is actually advised and encouraged  




 Thank you 




 Sheep farmers are lining up all over for this new life changing invention.  




 Who do you think is responsible for the JFK assassination?

What are your feelings on government intervention on the global warming crisis? 

Pepsi or Coke? 

How much would could a woodchuck chuck? 

Chicken or the egg? 

Stay-cation or vacation? 

 




 I guess so.  I'll think it over.  




 Who upset you?  




 Lol 




 Fasho 




 Lol just a question Bro relax.  Just a funny question that came to mind. 




 Lol this guy's always out of pocket hahaha I'll still give him my upvote  




 First off...  10 million for a veteran 4x all star and championship with the cap raising? Not a bad deal.  Some people wanted Lee..  And Matthews. 

Rondo has an ego.  It sucks but it's true.  He looks semi humbled with what happened.  If you listen to Rondo talk about his contract,  it was the Kings decision for 1 year.  He was asked to prove himself.  He has a chip on his shoulders.  His risk is no different than Rudy's risk. I can gamble that. 

Acl tears suck. Will Rondo be *rondo* again...  Idk.  He is one of the best passers in the league.  He hasn't been paired with great teams. Mavs were a horrible match up and Celtics damn near had no one. He has multiple shooters now, dominant front court,  killer backup pg and a great coach. 

Remember how sacramento is.  We are a small market team so we are forced with rookie talent who just wanna play for a team and fading veteran talent who...  Just wanna play on a team.  Remember CWebb talked shit about sac when he was coming here. He still says the greatest experience of his career. Rudy same. Ron Artest even praised sac.  We land spurned vets who have been trashed and we build them up when vulnerable and they stay for the long hall.  We kill them with kindness while others buy their teams. 

Check my post history...  I was against it.  No one here has changed my opinion on him.  Only Rondo did. I believe we will see a great Rondo.  




 Big role.  Koufos would be 2nd string.  Rudy wouldn't play 4 he'd stay 3 or Smith runs 3. Either way he was looking at significant minutes.  




 Appeal.  




 Edit: I see alot have fallen onto the camaraderie explanation. Unfortunately, I feel unsatisfied. Why not just pats on the back?  Why not aggressively shake and rub another's head? 

I played multiple sports but I never found the need to slap anyone's ass or felt that my morale or my teams went down as a result of a lack of ass slapping. 

What are the origins?  Who first smacked their teammates ass? What have been the results of teams smacking and not smacking but instead showing another form of team chemistry?  




 Had to have...  Bigger role + more work + rebuild = no

Smaller role + less work + championship = yes 




 How? We probably went for Luc because Smith already said no.  Clips were in the running since the beginning.  




 I heard Chandler parsons is still at DeAndres house 




 Haha how does Tim Duncan pass lol 




 Hipsters don't call themselves hipsters...  Found the phony  









 I just hiked hidden falls in Auburn.  Last week I did twin bridges. Good places and well worth it
 




 What 




 Just do it, worse case you get in, best case you do. Honestly just send the letter there is literally no reason to not. I would stop thinking it and just do it and see how the dice rolls. Also I understand because my school did something similar and I had to drive it up. Good luck. 




 48 




 Ty ladies a fucking fool.  We will sign him in 3 years when he decides to try his rebuild and we bench his ass for vet min.  




 It's funny...  Christians don't care now either... As a matter of fact it's allowed in the Bible now according to them.  God says it's okay. "well doesn't it for a fact say against this?"  


"No...  We interpreted it wrong the first time... "

Clowns.  




 I'd hate to be Vlade with those legs haha...  They have to be annoying to sit down with.  




 I was joking 




 Internet.  




 Yea...  I think Karl and Cousins handshake wasn't the best 




 Dodged a bullet 




 WOAH! That was fucking rid....  Never mind I just came
 




 Catch ya later alligator 




 Better than the sacramento shorts... 




 He's something unofficial...  He's all over to not be helping Vlade..  




 Dead for three days...  WTF are you talking about....?!  




 Meh 




 He has been spotted numerous times recently and I kinda blow it off. Now Belinelli mentioned that he "Knew Peja from NO" when asked about Vlade. I know Vlade and Peja are good friends and now that Vlade is leading the game...  What's Pejas official role? 




 Fair enough...  Upvote 




 Who?  




 [Source]  "Rondo on first name basis with coach. Possible new team buy out.  Cousins okay with this. Rudy's Gay." 




 Dave and busters.  4.6 star elegant dinner.  Make sure you dress up.  




 Nah tyson crandler 




 You come up with the craziest shit lol 




 Wow 




 I have some nuts for you...  It is OK to trust me ^^^^^^^catchyalateralligator  




 Stop attacking please  




 Edit: ayyy

Edit9: lmao

Edit12: the 4 the Dank gild. 

Edit2: am gril btw :)  




 Fuck *THIS* GUY!!!!  /s 




 Their name is the Lakers...  California is in a drought and they are the Lakers...  Guess it represents the roster appropriately.  




 I keep my philosophy...  I believe every year we will win a championship...  I figure I have to be right eventually...  Right?  




 Eh...  I'd rather be delusional 




 We dont have an overpaid aging superstar who clearly cares about only money. The Buss's are just as dysfunctional as our FO. Still find it funny that I called that the Lakers would fall in draft as well. 

Remember that we are losers for wanting Rondo* but when Kobe was eating lunch with Rondo last year...  He was the best available point guard?  It was the same when we were getting Deron Williams. Shitty guard and a wash up has-been...  Mavs get him and he's a hero haha.  Laker are shitty.  




 Exactly this. Building a billion dollar stadium is worthless if you don't have a team that plays well. I could make his argument by showing the Barclay center.  From what I heard, it didn't really change much.  Put a stadium in a small city with a winning crowd and people pay. 

I love grabbing a drink and talking about the game...  But where do I go besides Petes after Arco? Mels? 

This will be nothing but good for a city, who in all honesty, doesn't really have much other than the capital. 


Billion dollar stadium with shitty team = Bad

Billion dollar arena with great team = great 
 




 We destroyed an eye sore of a mall that was rivaled in attendance to the country club mall... Eradicated a place where homeless people loitered and didn't really do much.  Building a new arena will attract so many more businesses and advertisement downtown.  It will create jobs.  It secures a team being here and with a possible hockey team coming..  

It creates an environment that says "We wanna win".  Our skyline needs to develop and this may be a necessary piece to luring investors. Gridlock will suck but like anything...  We will make it work. I cant forsee anything to bad about this besides what may happen to Natomas.  




 Shhhh it's no talks no more...  




 Where?  









 Oh you...  




 To be fair...  Vlade had alot of cap room and a decent FA pool  




 Malone was found to be one of the refs from 2002 western conference finals.  Since on the resume he said he was honest and had integrity...  We realized he lied.  When Vivek brought in Vlade to negotiate bringing him on, he recognized him as one of the refs.  He had ptsd and canned his ass.  Fuck the Lakers.  I enjoyed you guys having Jeremy Lin. Steve Nash look great too.  So did Chris Paul.  




 I'm not a GM (though I'm sure I act like I am...  Sorry guys) and I don't know what their job demands...  But I personally feel that Pete made it look as if he has no idea WTF he was doing. Only thing good he did IMO was Gay.  




 Story of your mom 




 Eh. Life g'oes,  o%n!?  




 Lol I did.  I learned something by making a bad joke.  That is what Reddit is for.  A community helping each other grow through chiding and mockery.  You helped me grow!  Thanks much 




 I might just be stoopid. Fuck it.  




 Have the letter N...  You forgot to add one 




 You're full of crap. Shitty story 




 Your mom's old but I definitely wouldn't call it a sock...  More like a fishes mouth...  Including the smell 




 TBD is just your run of the mill mid size festival. Far from Coachella but is definitely a crazy experience from a regular concert as in overall experience. 

As for it being your first festival,  I'll warn you that festivals IMO are like giant testing trays so you can sample alot of music.  Because they aren't solo concerts,  you lose alot of experience with a said band.  My rule is that if you like them at a festival,  you have to see them in a touring concert.  Different experiences.  




 I feel like I've done this alot recently ha 




 Yes 




 This shows how shitty ESPN is as a source 









 Dudes an ass hole 









 Ok 




 Eh go down south and you will see cold...  It's weird here,  some people are super friendly and others aren't. But I would say alot tend to their own business and don't necessarily include others. See people post all the time about finding friends do. Depends on what shit you like.  




 Yea...  It's tmobile 




 Good pickup 




 Now that we are signing  Bar. I'd rather Rondo starting 




 You ever overhear the neighbors talking about the block party but have no idea what they are talking about...?  




 I bet your home owners association meeting are a fucking hoot.  




 The sunflower in fair oaks will be her main stay vegan eats 




 I just Google cuckold...  You're a bitch 




 Well fuck...  That was lackluster at best 




 Lol I get that... So what's the joke?  IS THAT THE JOKE!?  




 What am I missing..  




 Wutm8?  




 I guess you had to have been there 




 Or because it's summer and hot...  And I drink it to cool and regulate body temperature 




 Soooo....  Heard ya wanted to earn some monies...  




 Wait...  What?  We cook our food...  That's why sometimes it's hot. I would say temperate and geographical location is huge in this.  I like iced water in the summer but like cocoa in the winter.  I would say there are equal amount of hot beverages as cold...  Generally same as food.  




 They show them by floor level 




 Easily the shittiest shark costumes around 




 I hate it when you take off a girls panties and they smell like *Autumn Harvest* 




 Huehuehue 




 Ok 




 8===D 0: 




