




 Meanwhile, in 'MURICA, women don't have the right to paid maternity leave for giving birth to actual human babies.  




 Hell, if you want to be really "fancy" make your own pasta - you have eggs and flour, which is all you need. With $10 you can be pretty liberal with whatever sauce/topping you want. You could do a classic tomato sauce - be sure to get San Marzano tomatoes, fresh garlic, and fresh basil. Or something like brown butter with sage and mushrooms. I mean literally anything. You can easily impress by putting in a little bit more effort. 


 




 There most certainly are. I'm on my phone, about to go to bed otherwise I would post some links. Long story short, the Japanese government banned graphic representations of penises. As a work around, the already existing erotica industry created the tentacular substitute. 




 Coat hangers are my personal nemesis. 

They always get tangled in impossible ways and never behave the way that I think they should. I've broken a lot. And thrown piles of them around in rage. Now, I put them down and leave the room/closet for a few minutes.  









 Check to see if the formulation has changed. Even if it is only slightly changed this could be enough that it no longer jives with your skin. 




 I was 12 and had been to a concert with my family. Afterwards, we were outside waiting for a shuttle. I, being tired and bored, leaned against a pole. A car full of dudes drove by and yelled "HOW MUCH?" to me. I didn't even know what they meant. My mom had to explain to me about stereotypical prostitute poses and what they may signify. I was mortified.   




 I remember being on a JAL domestic flight in the early 2000s and it was actually on the very last day that smoking was being allowed on airplanes. This had the effect of every smoker trying to smoke as many cigarettes as humanly possible. I remember the dude getting well into his second pack - just going from one cigarette to the next.  




 Is that a yatsuhashi stuck in the side!? My favoriiiiiiiiite!!
 




 I've heard more than one say that he is a young Sami 




 I have a legitimate question. And I'm too afraid to actually google it. 

Is each waifu pillow unique? Like could two people run into each other with the same pillow? And then would they create an elaborate twin fiction? Or can you customize it?  




 I sometimes do this to my husband. And my cats. 




 Can we appreciate the dude on the left's cheekbones? Damn.  




 I have been to plenty of onsen and ofuro, where, depending on the size, you could be with anywhere from 5-20 people. And yeah, not a big deal. It was the best, really. 

I have been hanging out naked with probably upwards of 250 people. Maybe more. 
This was in a magical place called [SPA WORLD](http://www.spaworld.co.jp/english/). 

It is a huge 8 floor building in Osaka, Japan. The main attraction is the "Onsen from Around the World." There are two separate floors, one is themed to different Asian spas, and the other is European themed. And depending on the day, one will be for women, and the other for men. 

So the day I went, women got Europe. There were hot tubs, onsen, ofuro, saunas, cold baths, weird showers - all of them themed to different countries. The place is huge - you can walk around for hours and still not try every type of bath. I remember their was a a fancy Parisian-type bath next to a cafe where you could have a croissant or cappuccino. The Finnish one had a sauna and a cold pond. And everyone is naked. Even the cafe. 

I think there's a kid's water park (be-swimsuited), and some other stuff there too. But you go their for the glorious, naked, global onsen.  




 Oh god yes. I tried in vain to make this point to a friend. He kept waiting for the "perfect moment" to express his romantic feelings for a woman. I urged him for *months* to just do it and stop trying to create a movie scene. The perfect moment never came and she got back with her ex, and moved to New Zealand.  




 I have done the same thing. I had just met up with some friends when someone decided to surprise jump on  a friend's back. They tripped and the jumper went face first into the pavement. Folks wanted to call an ambulance, but since she hadn't lost consciousness and I was able to rule out a concussion (I had up to date first aid training) I convinced them not to call an ambulance and I took her to the emergency room myself.  




 OMG, this is irrelevant to the cuteness of your puppy - but I HAVE THE SAME MUG AS YOU. It's from Starbucks probably over a decade ago. It's technically a Christmas mug but I think it's so pretty I keep it in the cabinet year round. The other Christmas mugs get jealous, but I tell those creepy nutcrackers that they should just be less creepy and maybe they would get to stay too.  




 He has already played him, albeit briefly, in the ["Maya Angelou Prank Show" Sketch](https://screen.yahoo.com/maya-angelou-prank-show-000000680.html).  




 How is this not the top comment? This isn't fucking rocket science!

Full disclosure I'm a lady with lady parts, not man parts. But I have long pondered why men just don't use toilet paper. Also, dear /u/GregtheMad has indicated that he uses the "normal toilet," presumably in a stall. Why don't urinals have stalls? There seems to be so much anxiety over people standing next to you, watching, etc. JUST PUT UP WALLS. Why is it necessary that you pee in front of each other?

I JUST DON'T GET IT.

 




 Generally, we know more about history now - mostly in part due to the advancements of technology and the widespread availability of information.

1450 happens to be right around the time Johannes Gutenberg invented the movable type printing press which revolutionized how information was spread in the Western World. The technology spread like wildfire in the first 50 years and became adopted all over the continent. Coincident with this, you have the greater availability of knowledge to a wider group of people. It is no coincidence that the spread of ideas and technology happened much quicker after the 1450s. (C.f. Protestantism, Age of Discovery, Age of Enlightenment, Revolutions across Europe, etc.) 

Prior to this, in Western Europe, there was certainly knowledge of the past but it was typically only accessible to small groups of people, and even then, only a select amount of information. So, let's say you're a scholar in the 800's. You're probably a man, and you're probably a monk. The knowledge you have is contained in your monastery's library. You may have a hundred books, and that's pretty good. You may travel to a few other monasteries, and they may have some books that are different from yours, and you may be able to read them. And if you have a lot of time and money, you may be able to create a copy (by hand, remember), of that interesting book and take it back to your monastery. To make a codex/book at this point, you would need enough animals to make enough vellum for all the pages. You would need the time and labor to copy the book word by word. So you see, the information was quite limited, difficult to come by, and even harder to disseminate. There was a guy called Gilbert the Universal (died 1134, Gilbert Universalis), who was a bishop of London (1127) who was so named because he was widely judged to know pretty much everything. I think if anyone were to make that claim now-a-days, they'd be laughed out of town.

Things did get easier over the medieval period, as literacy, infrastructure, and the efficiency book production did improve. This was also helped by the foundation and development of universities. 

I hope this helps answer your question - not a scientist, but a rare book and manuscript historian/librarian.  If you have any follow ups...hollaaaaa 




 He was super nice! 









 When I took my driver's ed test in North Carolina about a decade ago, I took it in my manual.  




 But hey, medieval studies actually did something practical! See dad? My degree chosen field of study has saved someone's LIFE. 




 At the end you can tell he's like, "shiiiiiit, that was on camera. STRAIGHT FACE IT UP, ABBOTT." 




 I know those people. If a horse were to whisper in their ear to murder their whole family, they would do it without question. 

My husband and I have a plan to convince any children we have that horses are mythical creatures. 




 They are called "supertitles" because they are above the stage rather than below - 'super' being Latin for above. Conversely, subtitles mean that they are below the action (typically the case in tv shows, movies, etc.) - sub being Latin for below. 

So - same thing, just different positioning! :) 




 My life, or rather death plan, is that if/when I reach a ripe old age and if/when I outlive my husband, I will get a one-way boat to Svalbard where I will promptly find some polar bears and snuggle them to death. My death. 

 




 Well, it could be worse. It could be one or two toothbrushes for three people.

Also, I keep trying to pluralize toothbrush to teethbrush. 

 




 Haha yeah, a testament to my passion for rare books and manuscripts I suppose.. 




 Yeah I do! I love to pause it before they give their valuation and my husband and I try to guess correctly. 

I think a lot depends on their expert. I've seen plenty where I think they are pretty accurate, but I've also seen some where, in my opinion, they've given very poor valuations. In particular, I saw one with a First edition of The Hobbit that was shockingly undervalued, especially since out had a near mint dust jacket (a big.deal with modern works). I had just seen one in worse condition sold at auction for much, MUCH more than what the appraiser told then. So as tricky as hard valuation can be, certain things, such as something with a good history of auction results and is perennially popular for the last few decades (i.e. The Hobbit) is easier to put a value on. But I suppose everyone has an off day :)

In general, the more unique something is, the harder it I'd to value. Manuscript collections are a devil to value...
 




 Hi! I'm a rare books and manuscripts librarian/curator. I'm on mobile so I can't really do any research for you, but first off OP well done for keeping good care of your family's book! It looks to be in a presumably acid free box and that's just what you want. When looking at it try and make a cradle for it so the covers aren't bending the spine. We typically use big foam wedges for so etching of this size.

In terms of valuation, looking up books from around the same year won't give you a clear idea of its value. The Bible, like it or not folks, is the most printed book ever. There are thousands of editions of early Bibles, and their value can be determined by a lot of things such as it being the first Bible printed in a certain geographic place or the first edition to include a particular new translation, etc. So you see, the specific edition and year of publication can make a huge difference, for a second, third, or fourth edition printed someplace new, is not nearly as I interesting as the first edition.

Quality and other factors unique to the book are also important. Yours looks to be in quite lovely shape, but a detailed evaluation would have to be made to figure out the collational formula.* OP, is there any place in the book where someone has written a family tree or anything close? It maybe in an unexpected place. This can often be of interest to collectors. There are a lot of lovely graphics in your copy, which could also certainly be of interest to a buyer.

Long story still long, you aren't going to get a good valuation simply by googling. That being said, a complete codex from the 17th century is rad and its very wonderful that your family has kept good care of it. Get an appraiser to take a look at it if you want a value. Don't take it to a museum or library. We can't give you a value, its a conflict of interest.

One last word on value. Most people tend to want a hard and fast dollar amount for something. But rare books and manuscripts have their own markets that fluctuate and have their own trends. It can also be finding the right buyer. A lot of times dealers and auction houses are making educated guesses.

*a collational formula is a rendering of exactly how a book is gathered physically together. This tends to be pretty straightforward with modern publishing. So, for example, you might have a very logical 20 gatherings of 12 pages each. With old books, it is rarely so neat or tidy. You often find huge idiosyncrasies from gathering to gathering. Librarians do this for two main reasons: 1. It helps them to see what changes the publisher may have been making during the printing process. Often publishers would make edits and changes while in the middle of printing a single edition. 2. This allows us to figure out if/how a codex has been altered over time. Are pages missing, replaced, or added? This is the best way to find out.  




 I always preferred, "don't be a fool, wrap your tool!" 




 Ugh, as a former Barnes and Noble employee...this is about on par with finding porno mags hidden in an Algonquin dictionary.  




