 So the sleazeball is saying he's a poser? Or that he's just trying to con others to live like he supposedly does? 




 The woman made 3 critical mistakes:

(1) She made the "mistake" of being born black.

(2) She's in Texas and she thought she was a citizen with rights.

(3) She did not did not grovel and show the proper "respect" for the cop.

So because she clearly showed she was "irritated" at the trivial traffic stop, she was killed, either flat-out murdered or left to die injured and alone in her jail cell.

It's just another day and another police murder in the police state we're taught to call the "land of the free."

 "A policeman's job is only easy in a police state." -- Orson Welles. 









 The lying NYT actually criticizing those who "rushed to war" in Iraq?!

Why does anyone even read/trust that rag?

 "If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing." -- Malcolm X. 




 Perhaps *one.* But overall, I'd say it's the inherent corruption of capitalism.

Our economic system is based on raw greed and self-interest. It's in the economic interests of capitalists to bribe/lobby government officials and to take over the government, so they do.

If it wasn't the CoC, capitalists would just invent another organization, ALEC, or whatever.

 "The first truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself. That, in its essence, is fascism - ownership of government by an individual, by a group or by any other controlling private power." -- US President Franklin D. Roosevelt. 




 The headline is the good news!

The bad news is that odds are the 1/3 will be when you're asleep right after puking your guts out after a chemo treatment. 




 The Chamber of Commerce is a private group for/of businesses. They'll have their own agenda.

Why not complain about the US government's Dept. of Agriculture or Commerce which help shove tobacco down the throats of other countries?

Why aren't we attacking the so-called "free trade" agreements and legal mechanisms which allow corporations to sue other countries?

Wouldn't we be better off trying to regain control of our corporate-controlled government and restoring the republic?

 "I hope we shall take warning from the example of England and crush in its birth the aristocracy of our moneyed corporations which dare already to challenge our Government to trial and bid defiance to the laws of our country." -- Thomas Jefferson, 1816. 









  Yes there is. Oil companies ~~need~~ *want* more money. 

FTFY.
 









 Actually, I corrected the original post just to show that American militarism and the trampling of civil rights makes little or no difference whether it's a Democrat or a Republican.

 "Our democracy is but a name. We vote? What does that mean? It means that we choose between two bodies of real, though not avowed, autocrats. We choose between Tweedledum and Tweedledee." -- Famous American socialist (and blind person) Helen Keller, 1911. 














 I started reading but stopped after I realized the first lady was a 73 year old singer/celebrity, and the second was author's 75 year old grandmother whose advice was "Im too old to finish bad books or drink cheap wine."

On that note, life's too short to read bad, fluffy articles.

Hey, maybe I did get something out of the article! 




 The media doesn't show blacks committing crimes?!

Have you watched *any* episode of the "Cops" TV show or many nightly news shows?

Well, considering the source web site brags it is "Pro-White" and "Pro-South", this sort of racist rant really isn't surprising is it? 




 Time's entire article is premised on the idea that the recession is over, an idea I don't think my neighbors nor millions of Americans would agree with.

Just because the government can [cook statistics](http://www.shadowstats.com/alternate_data) to claim that unemployment is only ~5% (when including "discouraged workers" doubles it, and including long-term discouraged workers which Clinton redefined out of existence multiples the number by more than 4), and that the economy grew for this or that quarter thereby not making us in a recession any more, is statistical lunacy.

What's next? Is Time Inc. going to tell us that inflation -- based on some "new and improved" government statistical algorithm -- is really super low?! 




 You make valid points that too few take the time to ponder.

 I treat all life forms with respect.

The problem is that, to put it bluntly and honestly, our entire economic system is geared to treat all life forms for profit. Respect isn't even on the radar let alone factor into the financial equation.

 How did the rat's legs get broken?

You'd have to ask Tel Aviv University and Hebrew University. If I had to guess, I'd guess that they anesthetize the rats, use some sort of bone-breaking tool, and then allow them to wake up again and measure how long it takes for them to heal. If that's true, we can only pity the poor guy employed at the task of breaking the rats' legs.

Like the guy at the slaughterhouse who works the bolt gun to stun each of the cows that are butchered, cow after cow for an entire day's shift and day after day and week after week, some jobs are far more brutal than others.

 "They make tallow out of cattle and money out of men." -- The 'father of sociology', German Max Weber, talking about capitalists and capitalism, from Weber's famous book "The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism." 









 One thing our domestic propaganda system is very good at is flushing various aspects of history down Orwell's proverbial memory hole. Nowhere is this more true than of rebellion in the US military.

For example, in one of our earlier imperial wars, the 1840s war where we seized 1/2 of Mexico, a group of largely Irish US Army soldiers revolted in disgust at the US war and switched sides to fight for Mexico. Mexico has streets named after the "St. Patrick's Battalion" but in the US this has largely been erased from popular history as the war was whitewashed and spun for US nationalistic purposes.

Many have already forgotten the resistance in the US military from soldiers opposed to Bush's war on Iraq, everything from the stop-loss resisters to those who recognized it as a blatant war of aggression and who refused to deploy, considering it more just and more honorable to be sent to a military stockade for a few months and to be "dishonorably" discharged.

The resistance inside the US military against the US' war on Vietnam was stark and widespread, but we've had decades of time, much effort at deliberate spin and historical revisionism to erase that history

 This is wildly sensationalistic as well as being unsourced.

Wildly sensationalistic? [Here's one source](http://www.counterpunch.org/2011/11/18/are-drum-circles-protected-under-the-constitution/) authored by a well-known journalist.

FWIW, you'll probably find the [2005 documentary](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469589/) "[Sir! No Sir!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nPJgeg6hpA)" to be highly informative.

 "The chief problem in historical honesty is not outright lying. It is omission or de-emphasis of important data. The definition of 'important', of course, depends on one's values." -- Historian Howard Zinn. 




 What's that supposed to mean, other than the clear attack of being one of "those" people?

I suppose it's much easier to resort to such ad hominem attacks rather than actually acknowledging our government's actions or arguing to justify our aggression.

I'll just take the smear of being a brick wall as being a person who has moral integrity and does not support aggression simply based on the hypocritical and nationalistic idea of what country is committing the act. Given that case, I consider it a point of pride.

 "In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." -- Thomas Jefferson. 




 Isn't this merely a facet of the greed and corruption inherent to capitalism?

It's in the economic self-interest of the capitalist to externalize huge expenses like building a modern sports stadium. Therefore the capitalist will ~~bribe~~ "lobby" politicians and seek to have someone else -- in this case the public -- pay for those large expenses.

There's nothing new here right? It's a simple application of privatizing profit and saddling the public with expenses. 




 [Here is Oliver's YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ) but **beware** -- it's a black hole for time!

[Here is the episode on sports stadiums](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcwJt4bcnXs). 




 You're right, but here's a conspiracy theory for you: Given the censorship in the main Reddit sub-reddits, /r/conspiracy is fast becoming an alternative venue to avoid the censorship that permeates Reddit. 




 It won't stop until people start organizing. It's going to take more than some civilian review board and the things we hear about now.

It's going to take a political alternative to the Republicans and Democrats, an alternative that will advocate new ideas in policing and law-and-order, and a radical decentralization of our existing police bureaucracies. 




 Ditto. Say what you want about the "fat pig" stereotype of cops, I couldn't imagine that cop doing this. 




  I knew that it was morally wrong. They wanted us to prepare statements and not say anything. I told them I just couldnt go along with it, said Pisciotta.

That sort of moral indifference applies to *many* aspects of US/western society, doesn't it?

I mean, everything from ignoring or stepping over a homeless person on the street to the US government using torture and waging unending wars.

Yet do our schools' standardized tests measure their students moral integrity and courage, or aside from preaching about plagiarism and not cheating on tests, is this topic actually addressed in any coherent way in our schools? 




 I'd argue that would be the case in most places in the US.

The guy would've been prosecuted, and bureaucratic inertia and a desire not to work would also result in a special clean-up team being called in just like it did in NZ.

In my state I'd be thankful if they would have skipped the step of calling in "animal control" or a haz-mat team to inspect the situation before proceeding with the cleanup.

The supervisor or one of his underlings should be embarrassed for not taking a shovel to solve the problem.

 "Bureaucracy, the rule of no one, has become the modern form of despotism." -- Mary McCarthy. 




  Im 5 yrs vegetarian moving on to fulltime vegan.

Okay, so you're likely aware of what factory-farmed beef and chickens go through.

 hopefully your not nieve enough to know what you "know", and still eat meat.

Is it naivet or some sort of moral issue -- a lack of empathy of what animals go through?

But aside from the omnivore/carnivorous aspects, regarding lab rats and scientific research, to be morally consistent one would have to shun *huge* swaths of medicine and discoveries made by modern science. Do you or people you know do that?

This leads one to ask things like: Is it "more morally correct" to eat a chicken that was raised happily on a traditional/non-factory farm and killed as humanely as possible, or to use makeup or some cosmetic/non-essential product that was tested on rabbits and other animals?

Considering that people routinely swat biting mosquitoes and kill bugs and bacteria, let alone the fact that humans *rely* on medicines tested on lab rats and animals (including humans), I would contend that *no* *one* can be morally pure in our relationship to animals. So the question then becomes where people draw the line.
 




 Agreed, but I'm not sure how good a job a drunk guy would actually do in cleaning it up.

I find it amazing that one of the people there could not take a shovel and solve the problem, and instead that they had to call in a separate clean-up crew. Talk about bureaucracy and a refusal to work!

Sadly, I cannot help but to think that if this happened in the US, the drunk guy would have been charged with multiple offenses and would now be facing a court date and years of legal harassment or probation.

Because that would be protecting society from these types of deviant defecators. 




 But you've got a queen and her royal family!

We have to invent movie and pop stars, sports heroes and other celebrities to get such feel-good PR. 




 Stop for a moment and think about this: To do this, ponder how flat-out *immoral,* how greedy and how indoctrinated about "law and order" they must be to commit these sort of crimes. 









 A beheading? When will Obama send in the drones?

Oh wait -- my bad. India doesn't have large oil reserves for our corporations to control and exploit. Plus they've got a few nukes... 




 How does that paint North Korea as bad? 




 Yes, correct. We did replace our puppet dictator with another puppet dictator.

But we did not dare abide by the international agreement where we promised to hold free and fair elections to reunite North and South Vietnam -- just because the "stupid" Vietnamese people would have voted the "wrong way" and would have put a communist into power.

Instead, we opted to educate the Vietnamese about American-style democracy and capitalism by waging war and killing millions. 




 This article is premised on the absurd notion that there is a concrete difference in foreign policy between Republicans and Democrats and that the US is a democracy and not some sort of plutocratic corporate oligarchy.

I mean, is this really surprising? The US has long viewed the UN as either an obstacle or a propaganda tool. Kings never want parliament involved in their wars. The War Powers Act is so 1960s -- it's been ignored from almost as soon as it was passed.

The Pentagon/president's desire to wage unpopular wars is why we abandoned the draft -- to create a "professional army" of indoctrinated "volunteers" so our militarists could wage unpopular wars without the mass resistance of both civilians and soldiers that we saw in our immoral war on Vietnam. From the point of view of American imperialists, the strategy has worked brilliantly. 




 First, I don't know how they conducted this experiment; but with that said...

Do you not know how much of science is done? Science has bred entire species of rats for specific characteristics for the sole purpose of doing specific testing on. This has been true for decades and decades.

I'm guessing you don't want to know about what sort of life the chicken in your corporate-produced chicken nugget lead, or how the beef in your burger lived its short life.

If you're that naive that we breed *huge* amounts of rats and deliberately inflict horrible things on them in the name of science and research, only to later kill them, then perhaps you should remain blissfully ignorant of the real world. 




   the mold and spider mites that once ruined only a few plants at a time can now quickly create a multimillion-dollar crisis for growers.

This is why the corporate mass media should not write about marijuana. Growers have been dealing with spider mites, slugs and mold forever -- to the Pueblo Chieftain this stuff is "new". Or are they just interested because of the multi-million dollar aspect?

But this issue illustrates why legalization laws should include the *right* of people to grow their own marijuana.

We *know* what corporate America will do with marijuana -- we only have to look at the tobacco industry to learn this.

Marijuana will be industrially farmed using as many chemicals, fertilizers and pesticides as the corporate bean counters determine will generate them the maximum profit from their crop. (And if laboratory GMO alterations show a greater profit, or control of the seed industry, then just like in corn or soybeans, it will be done.)

We should expect that corporate marijuana will have all of the same characteristics as tobacco. The plant will be homogenized, the weed saturated with chemicals to ensure even burning, added artificial flavorings to give different tastes, and all of the other things that are done with tobacco.

Some people might like that; others might object but to be too lazy to grow their own. But others will actually want marijuana that is organic and is as natural as they can get. And that latter group will need the right to grow their own marijuana.

The greed and self-interest of capitalism breeds corruption. We can expect that marijuana corporations will seek to eliminate competition just like they do in all industries (by buying up competitors, forming cartels, using the government to eliminate competitors, etc.).

As such, marijuana corporations will seek to eliminate people's right to grow their own weed. They'll do this in many ways -- citing "safety" or purity concerns, saying that children will have access, whatever. We see this today in the trucking industry, for example. Large trucking companies actually lobby the government for more safety regulations. Why? Because it eliminates their mom-and-pop competitors who cannot afford the new regulations.

We'd be stupid to think that marijuana corporations will not evolve along the same lines and will use the same tactics as any other for-profit corporation in a capitalist society. Giving people their full rights to marijuana -- just like beer enthusiasts can brew their own beer or tobacco smokers can grow their own tobacco -- is a key. 




  There is currently a growing military/civilian gap that is both dangerous and unacceptable.

Very true. But that was planned -- a deliberate decision by the Pentagon.

The massive protests against the immoral war on Vietnam -- protests from both the civilian population of the US *and* from conscripted soldiers inside the military -- caused horror and shock in the US military.

The Pentagon chose to adopt the exact same strategy/tactic used by the British Empire -- the "professional" army. This was openly and candidly discussed in military journals of the immediate post-Vietnam era.

So the US abandoned military model of a republic, the shared burden of a draft of citizens which creates a rough cross-cut of society. The Pentagon then increased military pay, started massive advertising campaigns, and created a professional volunteer military.

The volunteer military is more expensive, but it yields two distinct advantages to our war-loving politicians:

* The first is that the soldiers volunteer for their duty. This means the military can easily squelch most dissent in the military simply by reminding soldiers that they volunteered.

* It means that fighting unpopular wars does not generate anywhere near as much public opposition as is generated by fighting wars with an army of conscripts. (And today we have the unending wars and experience to prove this!)

These are huge advantages for an empire. And they avoid some of the "problems" of an army of conscripted citizens.

For example, when the Egyptian people revolted against their US-backed dictator, we saw the disadvantage (or *advantage*?) of an army of conscripts -- the soldiers refused to fire on the peaceful protesters and the dictator fell from power. Later, when the US-backed/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrew their new elected government, the military had to use special elite units who would follow orders to slaughter the civilian supporters of the elected government to enact a reign of terror on the civilian population.

As you point out, one problem of the imperial "professional" army is that the military is far more distant from the people/country it claims to be "serving".

We see this happening today in the US. People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers, but we really don't care what soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

The sad thing is that we know where this all leads. Anyone familiar with the history of the Roman Empire should know about the deteriorating republic, the economic decline, and the rise of rampant militarism followed by the seizing of power by tyrants.

 ...ensures everyone has "skin in the game" decreases the likelihood of ridiculous adventures like the Iraq invasion.

This is exactly why the Pentagon sought to abandon the draft and adopt the military model used by empires.

The bottom line is we need to decide if we're an empire or a republic -- we can't be both.

 American history to be proud of: In 1971 the Pentagon counted 503,926 "incidents of desertion" since 1966 and reckoned that *more* *than* *half* of US ground forces in Vietnam openly opposed the war. 




  Its just entertaining to read about China's coverage of our elections. You know? For fun

Obama announced a new (renewed) Cold War against China -- the so-called "Asian Pivot." Based on other strategic geo-political shifts, we know this will take years and years to fully implement.

We have begun making aggressive moves: We're encircling China with military bases; we're flying planes over and warships near the islands China expanded in the South China Sea; our newest littoral Navy ships are based in Singapore; Marines have been based in and are practicing maneuvers in Australia.

China accuses us of funding dissidents and protesters in Hong Kong in an attempt to foment a colored revolution like we've done in Ukraine and other countries. Our demonization/propaganda campaign against China has kicked in so strongly that Hillary Clinton absurdly tried renaming the "South China Sea" the "West Philippines Sea."

Somehow I don't think the Chinese are considering the US' aggression to be "fun". And we'd be foolish not to consider this Politico article's propaganda aspect. 




  Typical right-wing bigotry *from* *a* *former* *Democratic* *presidential* *candidate*.

FTFY. 




 Yes, blaming our ill feelings about the US oligarchy on China will make us feel much, much better.

It'll help solve the problem too! Just like the current debate about McCain and Trump really helps us solve the problems of global warming, or our floundering economy, US militarism, or racism, or our fast-eroding civil liberties.

Just don't call all this political theater and distractions from our real problems. It's anything but that.

/s 









 Hey, Iran has politicians (or clerics) that make bombastic statements to appeal to their hard-liners just like we in the US do!

Who would've thunked it?! 









 The entire incident could have happened exactly how the US government claims it happened.

But on the other hand, the USSR never invaded the US. The USSR did not do a plot to rig one of the world's largest conventional explosions inside the US. And as I said, the USSR never flew spy planes over the US and got one of them shot down and then lied to the UN and to the world that they did not do such spying and no plane was shot down.

The US has done *all* of those things -- and more -- to the USSR.

As such, any reasonable mind would have to question whether our lying government was simply lying through its teeth about the entire incident -- that in reality the US used a friendly country's airliner to trigger radar and electronic warfare signals over the USSR, with our spy plane safely off the coast recording the entire electro-magnetic spectrum as some Soviet pilot -- trigger happy, mistakenly, whatever -- blew the airliner out of the sky.

Do we actually know what happened? No, we don't. We can only try to ditch our nationalistic biases and have our brains to use to try to figure out what the truth is.

Your mileage may vary...

 "All governments are run by liars and nothing they say should be believed." -- Investigative journalist I.F. Stone. 




